---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "tsb_application_application Resource - terraform-provider-tsb"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# tsb_application_application (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Short name of the Application resource.
- `parent` (String) The parent id for the Application resource.
- `workspace` (String) FQN of the workspace this application is part of. The application will configure IngressGateways for the attached APIs in the different namespaces exposed by this workspace.

### Optional

- `config_resources` (Attributes List) The configuration resources that are related to this Application. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config_resources))
- `description` (String) A description of the resource.
- `display_name` (String) User friendly name for the resource.
- `gateway_group` (String) Optional FQN of the Gateway Group to be used by the application. If configured, this gateway group will be used by the application. If no namespaces are configured and no existing gateway group is set, a new gateway group claiming all namespaces in the workspace (`*/*`) will be created by default. All Ingress Gateway resources created for the APIs attached to the application will be created in the application's gateway group.
- `namespace_selector` (Attributes) Optional set of namespaces this application can configure. If configured, a Gateway Group including these namespaces will be created for the application. If no namespaces are configured and no existing gateway group is set, a new gateway group claiming all namespaces in the workspace (`*/*`) will be created by default. All Ingress Gateway resources created for the APIs attached to the application will be created in the application's gateway group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--namespace_selector))
- `services` (List of String) Optional list of services that are part of the application. This is a list of FQNs of services in the service registry. If omitted, the application is assumed to own all the services in the workspace. Note that a service can only be part of one application. If any of the services in the list is already in use by an existing application, application creation/modification will fail. If the list of services is not explicitly set and any service in the workspace is already in use by another application, application creation/modification will fail.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Fully-qualified name of the Application resource.

<a id="nestedatt--config_resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config_resources`

Optional:

- `exclusively_owned` (Boolean) The exclusively owned flag indicates if the referenced configuration resource is exclusively owned by the object. Configuration resources that are exclusively owned by an object will be deleted when the object is deleted.
- `expected_etag` (String) The expected etag field is used to check the if the configuration resource contents have changed. This might not be relevant for all configuration resources, so this field may not be set. If it is not set, the status will only report the presence or absence of the configuration resource, but not differences in its contents. When this field is present, the status will also reflect changes in the contents of the configuration resource, and report it as DIRTY if there are differences.


<a id="nestedatt--namespace_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `namespace_selector`

Required:

- `names` (List of String) Under the tenant/workspace/group: - `*/ns1` implies `ns1` namespace in any cluster. - `c1/ns1` implies `ns1` namespace from `c1` cluster. - `c1/*` implies all namespaces in `c1` cluster. - `*/*` implies all namespaces in all clusters. - `c1/ns*` implies all namespaces prefixes by `ns` in `c1` cluster.
