---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "tsb_gateway_gateway Resource - terraform-provider-tsb"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# tsb_gateway_gateway (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Short name of the Gateway resource.
- `parent` (String) The parent id for the Gateway resource.
- `workload_selector` (Attributes) Specify the gateway workloads (pod labels and Kubernetes namespace) under the gateway group that should be configured with this gateway. There can be only one gateway for a workload selector in a namespace. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--workload_selector))

### Optional

- `config_generation_metadata` (Attributes) Metadata values that will be add into the Istio generated configurations. When using YAML APIs like `tctl` or `gitops`, put them into the `metadata.labels` or `metadata.annotations` instead. This field is only necessary when using gRPC APIs directly. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config_generation_metadata))
- `description` (String) A description of the resource.
- `display_name` (String) User friendly name for the resource.
- `egress_authorization` (Attributes List) External services are onboarded into the mesh via service entry, and these services are exposed on the Gateway for egress access. By default, access is denied for these hosts. Users can configure EgressAuthorizationSettings to specify which service accounts are allowed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--egress_authorization))
- `http` (Attributes List) One or more HTTP or HTTPS servers exposed by the gateway. The server exposes configuration for TLS termination, request authentication/authorization, HTTP routing, rate limiting, etc. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--http))
- `tcp` (Attributes List) One or more non-HTTP and non-passthrough servers which use TCP based protocols. This server also exposes configuration for terminating TLS. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tcp))
- `tls` (Attributes List) One or more TLS servers exposed by the gateway. The server does not terminate TLS and exposes config for SNI based routing. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tls))
- `waf` (Attributes) WAF settings to be enabled for traffic passing through the HttpServer. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--waf))
- `wasm_plugins` (Attributes List) WasmPlugins specifies all the WasmExtensionAttachment assigned to this Gateway with the specific configuration for each plugin. This custom configuration will override the one configured globally to the plugin. Each plugin has a global configuration including priority that will condition the execution of the assigned plugins. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--wasm_plugins))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Fully-qualified name of the Gateway resource.

<a id="nestedatt--workload_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `workload_selector`

Required:

- `labels` (Map of String) One or more labels that indicate a specific set of pods/VMs in the namespace. If omitted, the TrafficSetting or SecuritySetting configuration will apply to all workloads in the namespace. Labels are required for Gateway API resources.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace where the workload resides.


<a id="nestedatt--config_generation_metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config_generation_metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Set of key value paris that will be added into the `metadata.annotations` field of the Istio generated configurations.
- `labels` (Map of String) Set of key value paris that will be added into the `metadata.labels` field of the Istio generated configurations.


<a id="nestedatt--egress_authorization"></a>
### Nested Schema for `egress_authorization`

Required:

- `to` (Attributes List) The set of hostnames exposed on the Gateway through which external hosts can be accessed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--egress_authorization--to))

Optional:

- `from` (Attributes) Specifies the source workloads or service accounts for this authorization rule. If not set, any source is allowed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--egress_authorization--from))
- `identity_match` (String) IdentityMatch defines the client identity used for evaluating the authorization rules. Possible values are: SOURCE_IDENTITY, PEER_CERTIFICATE, and PERMISSIVE. If no mode is specified, the mode is treated as PERMISSIVE mode.

<a id="nestedatt--egress_authorization--to"></a>
### Nested Schema for `egress_authorization.to`

Required:

- `host` (Attributes) External host. Users will onboard external service into the mesh via service entry, and the same service will be exposed on the Gateway for egress access. - Only exact hostnames are supported. For example, `httpbin.org`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--egress_authorization--to--host))

Optional:

- `methods` (List of String) The HTTP methods allowed by this rule, e.g., ["GET", "HEAD"]. If not set, any method is allowed.
- `paths` (List of String) The request paths allowed for access, e.g., ["/accounts", "/info*", "/user/profile/*"]. Exact and prefix-based regular matches are supported. If not set, any path is allowed.

<a id="nestedatt--egress_authorization--to--host"></a>
### Nested Schema for `egress_authorization.to.host`

Optional:

- `exact` (String) Exact string match.
- `prefix` (String) Prefix-based match.
- `regex` (String) ECMAscript style regex-based match.



<a id="nestedatt--egress_authorization--from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `egress_authorization.from`

Optional:

- `mode` (String) A shortcut for specifying the set of allowed callers. Deprecated: use `resources` or `serviceAccounts` instead.
- `resources` (List of String) `resources` specify the allowed set of resources using TSB FQNs. - `organizations/myorg/tenants/mycompany-a/workspaces/w2` - allow access from workspace w2. - `organizations/myorg/tenants/mycompany/workspaces/w1/securitygroups/s1` - allow access from security group s1.
- `service_accounts` (List of String) `serviceAccounts` specify the allowed set of service accounts (and the workloads using them). Must be in the `<namespace>/<service-account-name>` format. - `./*` indicates all service accounts in the namespace where the sidecar resides. - `ns1/*` indicates all service accounts in the `ns1` namespace. - `ns1/svc1-sa` indicates `svc1-sa` service account in `ns1` namespace. Namespace should be a valid Kubernetes namespace, which follows [RFC 1123 Label Names](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#dns-label-names) rules. Service account should be a valid Kubernetes service account, which follows [DNS Subdomain Names](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#dns-subdomain-names) rules.



<a id="nestedatt--http"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http`

Required:

- `hostname` (String) Hostname with which the service can be expected to be accessed by clients.
- `name` (String) A name assigned to the server. The name will be visible in the generated metrics. The name must be unique across all HTTP, TLS passthrough and TCP servers in a gateway.
- `routing` (Attributes) Routing rules associated with HTTP traffic to this server. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--http--routing))

Optional:

- `authentication` (Attributes) Authentication is used to configure the authentication of end-user credentials like JWT. It is highly recommended to configure this with TLS (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--http--authentication))
- `authorization` (Attributes) Authorization is used to configure authorization of end users. It is highly recommended to configure this with TLS If external authorization is configured, authorization is evaluated for each HTTP path by default. Users can exclude authorization on specific paths by setting the flag `disableExternalAuthorization` on individual HTTP route rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--http--authorization))
- `extensions` (Attributes) Configure extensions for this hostname. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--http--extensions))
- `failover_settings` (Attributes) Failover settings for all clients that try to access the hostname defined in this section. Note that this is a server side setting when gateway acts as tier2 gateway i.e. gateways with service destination, which means configuration is made by user on the server/service side but TSB configures client proxies to implement these configs. When this gateway acts a tier1 gateway i.e. when cluster destination is configured, this setting will be applied for the tier1 to tier2 failover. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--http--failover_settings))
- `openapi` (Attributes) OpenAPI configuration for the HTTP server. This configuration is used to validate incoming requests against the OpenAPI spec. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--http--openapi))
- `port` (Number) The port where the server is exposed at the gateway workload(pod). If the k8s service, which is fronting the workload pod, has TargetPort as 8443 for the Port 443, this could be configured as 8443 or 443. Two servers with different protocols (HTTP and HTTPS) should not share the same port. Note that port 15443 is reserved for internal use. If the `transit` flag is set to true, populating the `port` will lead to an error, as the server is considered internal to the mesh. TSB will automatically  configure mTLS port(15443) for east-west multicluster traffic. If the `trafficMode`` flag is set to `EGRESS`` or the `trafficMode` is set to `AUTO` and the gateway deployment is of type EGRESS, populating the port will result in an error, as the server is considered only for egress. TSB will automatically configure the mTLS port (15443) on the gateway to receive the mesh traffic.
- `rate_limiting` (Attributes) Configuration for rate limiting requests. This configuration is namespaced to a particular HttpServer. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--http--rate_limiting))
- `tls` (Attributes) TLS certificate info. If omitted, the gateway will expose a plain text HTTP server. If the `transit` flag is set to true, populating the `tls` will lead to an error, as the server is considered internal to the mesh. Gateway uses Istio mutual TLS to secure the connection for forwarding the traffic. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--http--tls))
- `traffic_mode` (String) Traffic mode specifies the type of configuration applied to this server. It defines how the server handles traffic within the mesh. This setting determines whether the server manages incoming, outgoing, or transit traffic. By default, this setting is not required and will auto-detect the mode based on the deployment where this configuration is attached to. If unspecified, the default mode is AUTO. Possible values are: - AUTO: Automatically detect the type of configuration from the underlying Gateway deployment. - INGRESS: Configuration for managing incoming traffic into the mesh. - EGRESS: Configuration for managing outgoing traffic from the mesh to external services. - TRANSIT: Configuration for facilitating transit traffic between different clusters within the mesh.
- `transit` (Boolean) If set to true, the server is configured to be exposed within the mesh. This configuration enables forwarding traffic between two clusters that are not directly reachable. Deprecated: use `trafficMode: TRANSIT` instead.

<a id="nestedatt--http--routing"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http.routing`

Required:

- `rules` (Attributes List) HTTP routes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--http--routing--rules))

Optional:

- `cors_policy` (Attributes) Cross origin resource request policy settings for all routes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--http--routing--cors_policy))

<a id="nestedatt--http--routing--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http.routing.rules`

Optional:

- `cors_policy` (Attributes) Optional CORS policy for this route. When set, overrides the host-level cors_policy (spec.http[].routing.cors_policy) for this route only. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--http--routing--rules--cors_policy))
- `direct_response` (Attributes) Return a fixed response. One of route, redirect, or direct_response must be specified. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--http--routing--rules--direct_response))
- `disable_external_authorization` (Boolean) If set to true, external authorization is disabled on this route when the hostname is configured with external authorization.
- `extensions` (Attributes) Configure extensions for this route (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--http--routing--rules--extensions))
- `match` (Attributes List) One or more match conditions (OR-ed). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--http--routing--rules--match))
- `modify` (Attributes) One or more mutations to be performed before forwarding. Includes typical modifications to be done on a single request like URL rewrite, host rewrite, headers to add/remove/append. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--http--routing--rules--modify))
- `redirect` (Attributes) Redirect the request to a different host or URL or both. One of route, redirect, or direct_response must be specified. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--http--routing--rules--redirect))
- `route` (Attributes) Forward the request to the specified destination(s). One of route, redirect, or direct_response must be specified. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--http--routing--rules--route))
- `timeout` (Attributes) Request timeout for this route. When set, overrides any host-level timeout for this route. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--http--routing--rules--timeout))

<a id="nestedatt--http--routing--rules--cors_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http.routing.rules.cors_policy`

Optional:

- `allow_credentials` (Attributes) Indicates whether the caller is allowed to send the actual request (not the preflight) using credentials. Translates to Access-Control-Allow-Credentials header. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--http--routing--rules--cors_policy--allow_credentials))
- `allow_headers` (List of String) List of HTTP headers that can be used when requesting the resource. Serialized to Access-Control-Allow-Headers header.
- `allow_methods` (List of String) List of HTTP methods allowed to access the resource. The content will be serialized into the Access-Control-Allow-Methods header.
- `allow_origin` (List of String) The list of origins that are allowed to perform CORS requests. The content will be serialized into the Access-Control-Allow-Origin header. Wildcard * will allow all origins.
- `expose_headers` (List of String) A white list of HTTP headers that the browsers are allowed to access. Serialized into Access-Control-Expose-Headers header.
- `max_age` (Attributes) Specifies how long the results of a preflight request can be cached. Translates to the Access-Control-Max-Age header. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--http--routing--rules--cors_policy--max_age))

<a id="nestedatt--http--routing--rules--cors_policy--allow_credentials"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http.routing.rules.cors_policy.allow_credentials`

Optional:

- `value` (Boolean) The bool value.


<a id="nestedatt--http--routing--rules--cors_policy--max_age"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http.routing.rules.cors_policy.max_age`

Optional:

- `nanos` (Number) Signed fractions of a second at nanosecond resolution of the span of time. Durations less than one second are represented with a 0 `seconds` field and a positive or negative `nanos` field. For durations of one second or more, a non-zero value for the `nanos` field must be of the same sign as the `seconds` field. Must be from -999,999,999 to +999,999,999 inclusive.
- `seconds` (Number) Signed seconds of the span of time. Must be from -315,576,000,000 to +315,576,000,000 inclusive. Note: these bounds are computed from: 60 sec/min * 60 min/hr * 24 hr/day * 365.25 days/year * 10000 years



<a id="nestedatt--http--routing--rules--direct_response"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http.routing.rules.direct_response`

Required:

- `status` (Number) Specifies the HTTP response status to be returned.

Optional:

- `body` (Attributes) Specifies the content of the response body. If this setting is omitted, no body is included in the generated response. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--http--routing--rules--direct_response--body))

<a id="nestedatt--http--routing--rules--direct_response--body"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http.routing.rules.direct_response.body`

Optional:

- `bytes` (String) response body as base64 encoded bytes.
- `string_` (String) response body as a string



<a id="nestedatt--http--routing--rules--extensions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http.routing.rules.extensions`

Optional:

- `composer` (Attributes) Extend using Composer. Composer is a way to extend TSB functionality by using Tetrate's provided plugins missing in Envoy or by writing your own custom code. It supports both Lua and Golang. Refer to HowTos to understand how to use the same. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--http--routing--rules--extensions--composer))
- `kong` (Attributes) Extend using Kong. The functionality provided by this extender will be added just before routing is done. This means all other listener filters configured on the gateway will be executed first such as RBAC (authorization policies) and then the request will be proeccessed by the `tetrate-kong-extender` sidecar. Please note that extending using Kong requires to run `tetrate-kong-extender` sidecar. Refer to HowTos to understand how to inject the same. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--http--routing--rules--extensions--kong))

<a id="nestedatt--http--routing--rules--extensions--composer"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http.routing.rules.extensions.composer`

Optional:

- `plugins` (Attributes List) List of plugins. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--http--routing--rules--extensions--composer--plugins))

<a id="nestedatt--http--routing--rules--extensions--composer--plugins"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http.routing.rules.extensions.composer.plugins`

Required:

- `name` (String) Plugin name. This can be one of the [Tetrate built in plugins](https://docs.tetrate.io/service-bridge/) or a custom plugin. Tetrate built in plugins are bundled with TSB and can run directly. However providing `pluginSource` is required if this is a custom plugin.

Optional:

- `config` (Attributes) Configuration for this plugin (Optional). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--http--routing--rules--extensions--composer--plugins--config))
- `priority` (Number) Priority to be given to this plugin (Optional). Priority decides the order of execution of plugins. For example. Plugin P1(priority=10) will be executed before Plugin P2(priority=100).
- `url` (String) Optional reference to a custom plugin. This url will be used to load the custom plugin binary. This is required if this is a custom plugin and can be empty for Tetrate built in plugins. Only OCI registry urls are supported for now. For example: oci://my-registry.io/my-repo/my-plugin:latest

<a id="nestedatt--http--routing--rules--extensions--composer--plugins--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http.routing.rules.extensions.composer.plugins.config`

Optional:

- `config_map` (String) Obtain plugin config from the specified kubernetes configMap. Ensure the configMap has a key "config" having values in the `yaml` format. The configMap must be present in the same namespace as the gateway install. The following is an example of a configMap which contains a valid config for tetrate's response-transformer plugin. ```yaml apiVersion: v1 data:   config: |     headersToAdd:     - key: "example-header"       value: "example-value"     headersToRemove:     - "example-header-to-remove"     bodyToSet: "the response is mutated!" kind: ConfigMap metadata:   name: response-transformer-config   namespace: gw-install-namespace type: Opaque ``` In case the configMap cannot be loaded (not found, bad format, schema validation failure or any other issue reading it), the config will be rejected by the `tetrate-composer` sidecar. NOT IMPLEMENTED.
- `inline` (String) Provide plugin config inline in the `yaml` format. The following is an example of a valid config for tetrate's response-transformer plugin. ```yaml inline:   headersToAdd:   - key: "example-header"     value: "example-value"   headersToRemove:   - "example-header-to-remove"   bodyToSet: "the response is mutated!" ``` If the config fails plugin's schema validation, the `tetrate-composer` sidecar will reject it.
- `secret` (String) Obtain plugin config from the specified kubernetes secret. Please ensure the secret has a key "config" having values in the `yaml` format. The secret must be present in the same namespace as the gateway install. The following is an example of a secret which contains a valid config for tetrate's response-transformer plugin. ```yaml apiVersion: v1 data:   config: YWRkOgogIGpzb246CiAgLSBleGFtcGxl kind: Secret metadata:   name: response-transformer-config   namespace: gw-install-namespace type: Opaque ``` In case the secret cannot be loaded (not found, bad format, schema validation failure or any other issue reading it), the config will be rejected by the `tetrate-composer` sidecar. NOT IMPLEMENTED.




<a id="nestedatt--http--routing--rules--extensions--kong"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http.routing.rules.extensions.kong`

Optional:

- `plugins` (Attributes List) List of plugins. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--http--routing--rules--extensions--kong--plugins))

<a id="nestedatt--http--routing--rules--extensions--kong--plugins"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http.routing.rules.extensions.kong.plugins`

Required:

- `name` (String) Plugin name. This can be one of the [Kong open source plugins](https://github.com/Kong/kong/tree/master/kong/plugins) or a custom plugin. Kong open source plugins are bundled with TSB and can run in the same fashion as Kong. However providing `pluginSource` is required if this is a custom plugin.

Optional:

- `config` (Attributes) Configuration for this plugin (Optional). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--http--routing--rules--extensions--kong--plugins--config))
- `plugin_source` (Attributes) Reference to a custom plugin that will be attached and enabled. A kong custom plugin is a user written custom logic written in lua  and can be used along with bundled plugins. For more information, please refer: [Kong's Documentation](https://docs.konghq.com/gateway/latest/plugin-development/custom-logic) Required if this is a custom plugin. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--http--routing--rules--extensions--kong--plugins--plugin_source))
- `priority` (Number) Priority to be given to this plugin (Optional). Priority is a concept of kong which decides the order of execution of plugins. Most of the bundled plugins come with a priority defined as per [kong's plugin execution order](https://docs.konghq.com/konnect/reference/plugins/#plugin-execution-order) TSB allows you to run both bundled and custom plugins in a different order by reassigning priorities.

<a id="nestedatt--http--routing--rules--extensions--kong--plugins--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http.routing.rules.extensions.kong.plugins.config`

Optional:

- `inline` (String) Provide plugin config inline in the `yaml` format. The following is an example of a valid config for Kong's response-transformer plugin. ```yaml inline:   add:     json:     - example ``` If the config fails plugin's schema vaildation, the `tetrate-kong-extender` sidecar will reject it.
- `secret` (String) Obtain plugin config from the specified kubernetes secret. Please ensure the secret has a key "config" having values in the `yaml` format. The secret must be present in the same namespace as the gateway install. The following is an example of a secret which contains a valid config for Kong's response-transformer plugin. ```yaml apiVersion: v1 data:   config: YWRkOgogIGpzb246CiAgLSBleGFtcGxl kind: Secret metadata:   name: response-transformer-config   namespace: gw-install-namespace type: Opaque ``` In case the secret cannot be loaded (not found, bad format, schema validation failure or any other issue reading it), the config will be rejected by the `tetrate-kong-extender` sidecar. NOT IMPLEMENTED.


<a id="nestedatt--http--routing--rules--extensions--kong--plugins--plugin_source"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http.routing.rules.extensions.kong.plugins.plugin_source`

Required:

- `config_map` (String) Kubernetes ConfigMap containing the plugin files. The configMap must be present in same namespace as the gateway install. To create this configmap in the gateway install namespace, run: ```yaml kubectl create configmap my-plugin --from-file=./my-plugin-dir` -n {gw-install-namespace} ``` and use the name `my-plugin` here. In case the configMap cannot be loaded (not found, bad format or any other issue reading it), the custom plugin will not be initialised and the config will be rejected by the `tetrate-kong-extender` sidecar.





<a id="nestedatt--http--routing--rules--match"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http.routing.rules.match`

Optional:

- `headers` (Attributes Map) The header keys must be lowercase and use hyphen as the separator, e.g. x-request-id. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--http--routing--rules--match--headers))
- `uri` (Attributes) URI to match. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--http--routing--rules--match--uri))

<a id="nestedatt--http--routing--rules--match--headers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http.routing.rules.match.headers`

Optional:

- `exact` (String) Exact string match.
- `prefix` (String) Prefix-based match.
- `regex` (String) ECMAscript style regex-based match.


<a id="nestedatt--http--routing--rules--match--uri"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http.routing.rules.match.uri`

Optional:

- `exact` (String) Exact string match.
- `prefix` (String) Prefix-based match.
- `regex` (String) ECMAscript style regex-based match.



<a id="nestedatt--http--routing--rules--modify"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http.routing.rules.modify`

Optional:

- `headers` (Attributes) Add/remove/overwrite one or more HTTP headers in a request or response. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--http--routing--rules--modify--headers))
- `rewrite` (Attributes) Rewrite the HTTP Host or URL or both. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--http--routing--rules--modify--rewrite))

<a id="nestedatt--http--routing--rules--modify--headers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http.routing.rules.modify.headers`

Optional:

- `request` (Attributes) Header manipulation rules to apply before forwarding a request to the destination service. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--http--routing--rules--modify--headers--request))
- `response` (Attributes) Header manipulation rules to apply before returning a response to the caller. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--http--routing--rules--modify--headers--response))

<a id="nestedatt--http--routing--rules--modify--headers--request"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http.routing.rules.modify.headers.request`

Optional:

- `add` (Map of String) Append the given values to the headers specified by keys (will create a comma-separated list of values).
- `remove` (List of String) Remove a the specified headers.
- `set` (Map of String) Overwrite the headers specified by key with the given values.


<a id="nestedatt--http--routing--rules--modify--headers--response"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http.routing.rules.modify.headers.response`

Optional:

- `add` (Map of String) Append the given values to the headers specified by keys (will create a comma-separated list of values).
- `remove` (List of String) Remove a the specified headers.
- `set` (Map of String) Overwrite the headers specified by key with the given values.



<a id="nestedatt--http--routing--rules--modify--rewrite"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http.routing.rules.modify.rewrite`

Optional:

- `authority` (String) Rewrite the Authority/Host header with this value.
- `uri` (String) Rewrite the path (or the prefix) portion of the URI with this value. If the original URI was matched based on prefix, the value provided in this field will replace the corresponding matched prefix.



<a id="nestedatt--http--routing--rules--redirect"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http.routing.rules.redirect`

Optional:

- `authority` (String) On a redirect, overwrite the Authority/Host portion of the URL with this value.
- `port` (Number) On a redirect, overwrite the Port portion of the URL with this value
- `redirect_code` (Number) On a redirect, Specifies the HTTP status code to use in the redirect response. It is expected to be 3XX. The default response code is MOVED_PERMANENTLY (301).
- `scheme` (String) On a redirect, overwrite the scheme with this one. This can be used to perform http -> https redirect by setting this to "https". Currently, the only supported values are "http" and "https" (in lower-case).
- `uri` (String) On a redirect, overwrite the Path portion of the URL with this value.


<a id="nestedatt--http--routing--rules--route"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http.routing.rules.route`

Optional:

- `cluster_destination` (Attributes) RouteToClusters represents the clusters where the request needs to be routed to from the gateway. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--http--routing--rules--route--cluster_destination))
- `service_destination` (Attributes) RouteToService represents the service running in clusters. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--http--routing--rules--route--service_destination))

<a id="nestedatt--http--routing--rules--route--cluster_destination"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http.routing.rules.route.cluster_destination`

Optional:

- `clusters` (Attributes List) The destination clusters that contain ingress gateways exposing the hostname. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--http--routing--rules--route--cluster_destination--clusters))

<a id="nestedatt--http--routing--rules--route--cluster_destination--clusters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http.routing.rules.route.cluster_destination.clusters`

Optional:

- `labels` (Map of String) Labels associated with the cluster. Any cluster with matching labels will be selected as a target. Only one of name or labels must be specified.
- `name` (String) The name of the destination cluster. Only one of name or labels must be specified.
- `network` (String) The network associated with the destination clusters. In addition to name/label selectors, only clusters matching the selected networks will be used as a target. At least one of name/labels, and/or network must be specified. Deprecated: The `network` field is deprecated and will be removed in future releases. Only `labels` matching against the cluster object is supported.
- `weight` (Number) The weight for traffic to a given destination.



<a id="nestedatt--http--routing--rules--route--service_destination"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http.routing.rules.route.service_destination`

Required:

- `host` (String) The destination service in `<namespace>/<fqdn>`. If the `trafficMode`` flag is set to `EGRESS`` or the `trafficMode` is set to `AUTO` and the gateway deployment is of type EGRESS, the gateway routes traffic to an external service through a user-created service entry. The service entry should only be created in the gateway deployment namespace with the location set to MESH_EXTERNAL.

Optional:

- `port` (Number) The port on the service to forward the request to. Omit only if the destination service has only one port.
- `tls` (Attributes) The `ClientTLSSettings` specifies how the `gateway` workload should establish connections to external services. This setting is intended for external services specifically. For normal mesh services, this should not be used, and the settings should be applied to the corresponding traffic/security groups instead. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--http--routing--rules--route--service_destination--tls))

<a id="nestedatt--http--routing--rules--route--service_destination--tls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http.routing.rules.route.service_destination.tls`

Optional:

- `files` (Attributes) TLS key source from files. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--http--routing--rules--route--service_destination--tls--files))
- `mode` (String) Set this to DISABLED to disable TLS (not recommended from the security perspective), SIMPLE for one-way TLS and MUTUAL for mutual TLS (where client is required to present its certificate as well)
- `secret_name` (String) TLS key source from a Kubernetes Secret. This is applicable for gateway workloads.
- `subject_alt_names` (List of String) Subject alternative names is the list of names that are accepted as service name as part of TLS handshake

<a id="nestedatt--http--routing--rules--route--service_destination--tls--files"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http.routing.rules.route.service_destination.tls.files`

Optional:

- `ca_certificates` (String) File containing CA certificates to verify the certificates presented by the server. This is mandatory for both simple and mutual TLS. Here are some common paths for the system CA bundle on Linux and can be specified here if the server certificate is signed by a well known authority, already part of the system CA bundle on the host -    /etc/ssl/certs/ca-certificates.crt (Debian/Ubuntu/Gentoo etc.)   /etc/pki/ca-trust/extracted/pem/tls-ca-bundle.pem (CentOS/RHEL 7)   /etc/pki/tls/certs/ca-bundle.crt (Fedora/RHEL 6)
- `client_certificate` (String) Certificate file to authenticate the client. This is mandatory for mutual TLS and must not be specified for simple (one-way) TLS
- `private_key` (String) Private key file associated with the client certificate. This is mandatory for mutual TLS and must not be specified for simple TLS





<a id="nestedatt--http--routing--rules--timeout"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http.routing.rules.timeout`

Optional:

- `nanos` (Number) Signed fractions of a second at nanosecond resolution of the span of time. Durations less than one second are represented with a 0 `seconds` field and a positive or negative `nanos` field. For durations of one second or more, a non-zero value for the `nanos` field must be of the same sign as the `seconds` field. Must be from -999,999,999 to +999,999,999 inclusive.
- `seconds` (Number) Signed seconds of the span of time. Must be from -315,576,000,000 to +315,576,000,000 inclusive. Note: these bounds are computed from: 60 sec/min * 60 min/hr * 24 hr/day * 365.25 days/year * 10000 years



<a id="nestedatt--http--routing--cors_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http.routing.cors_policy`

Optional:

- `allow_credentials` (Attributes) Indicates whether the caller is allowed to send the actual request (not the preflight) using credentials. Translates to Access-Control-Allow-Credentials header. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--http--routing--cors_policy--allow_credentials))
- `allow_headers` (List of String) List of HTTP headers that can be used when requesting the resource. Serialized to Access-Control-Allow-Headers header.
- `allow_methods` (List of String) List of HTTP methods allowed to access the resource. The content will be serialized into the Access-Control-Allow-Methods header.
- `allow_origin` (List of String) The list of origins that are allowed to perform CORS requests. The content will be serialized into the Access-Control-Allow-Origin header. Wildcard * will allow all origins.
- `expose_headers` (List of String) A white list of HTTP headers that the browsers are allowed to access. Serialized into Access-Control-Expose-Headers header.
- `max_age` (Attributes) Specifies how long the results of a preflight request can be cached. Translates to the Access-Control-Max-Age header. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--http--routing--cors_policy--max_age))

<a id="nestedatt--http--routing--cors_policy--allow_credentials"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http.routing.cors_policy.allow_credentials`

Optional:

- `value` (Boolean) The bool value.


<a id="nestedatt--http--routing--cors_policy--max_age"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http.routing.cors_policy.max_age`

Optional:

- `nanos` (Number) Signed fractions of a second at nanosecond resolution of the span of time. Durations less than one second are represented with a 0 `seconds` field and a positive or negative `nanos` field. For durations of one second or more, a non-zero value for the `nanos` field must be of the same sign as the `seconds` field. Must be from -999,999,999 to +999,999,999 inclusive.
- `seconds` (Number) Signed seconds of the span of time. Must be from -315,576,000,000 to +315,576,000,000 inclusive. Note: these bounds are computed from: 60 sec/min * 60 min/hr * 24 hr/day * 365.25 days/year * 10000 years




<a id="nestedatt--http--authentication"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http.authentication`

Optional:

- `jwt` (Attributes) Authenticate an HTTP request from a JWT Token attached to it. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--http--authentication--jwt))
- `oidc` (Attributes) Authenticate an HTTP request using an external OIDC provider (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--http--authentication--oidc))
- `require_jwt` (Attributes) If set to true, JWT authentication is mandatory and enforced with strict validation. Requests without a valid JWT token will be rejected with a 401 (Unauthorized) error. This field ONLY applies when JWT authentication is configured (via 'jwt' or 'rules'). It is IGNORED when OIDC is configured. Behavior when JWT is configured: - When false (default): JWT tokens are optional, but if provided, they must be valid.  Requests without tokens are allowed to pass through. - When true: All requests must have a valid JWT token from one of the configured providers, otherwise they receive a 401 response.   Note that to use this feature xcp.enable_jwt_authentication_require_jwt_token_setting needs to be set to true on controlplane CR. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--http--authentication--require_jwt))
- `rules` (Attributes) List of rules how to authenticate an HTTP request. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--http--authentication--rules))

<a id="nestedatt--http--authentication--jwt"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http.authentication.jwt`

Required:

- `issuer` (String) Identifies the issuer that issued the JWT. See [issuer](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7519#section-4.1.1) A JWT with different `iss` claim will be rejected. Example: https://foobar.auth0.com Example: 1234567-compute@developer.gserviceaccount.com

Optional:

- `audiences` (List of String) The list of JWT [audiences](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7519#section-4.1.3). that are allowed to access. A JWT containing any of these audiences will be accepted. The service name will be accepted if audiences is empty.
- `from_cookies` (List of String) List of cookie names from which JWT is expected. For example, if config is:  fromCookies:  - auth-token Then JWT will be extracted from auth-token cookie in the request. Note: Requests with multiple tokens (at different locations) are not supported. The behaviour of authorization policies when there is more than one user identity is undefined
- `from_headers` (Attributes List) This field specifies the locations to extract JWT token. If no explicit location is specified the following default locations are tried in order:     1) The Authorization header using the Bearer schema,        e.g. Authorization: Bearer <token>. (see        [Authorization Request Header        Field](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6750#section-2.1))     2) The `access_token` query parameter (see     [URI Query Parameter](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6750#section-2.3)) List of header locations from which JWT is expected. For example, below is the location spec if JWT is expected to be found in `x-jwt-assertion` header, and have `Bearer ` prefix: ```yaml   fromHeaders:   - name: x-jwt-assertion     prefix: "Bearer " ``` Note: Multiple tokens present on the same request are not supported.  The behaviour of authorization policies when there is more than one user identity is undefined (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--http--authentication--jwt--from_headers))
- `jwks` (String) JSON Web Key Set of public keys to validate signature of the JWT. See https://auth0.com/docs/jwks. Note: Only one of jwks_uri and jwks should be used. jwks_uri will be ignored if it does.
- `jwks_uri` (String) URL of the provider's public key set to validate signature of the JWT. See [OpenID Discovery](https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-discovery-1_0.html#ProviderMetadata). Optional if the key set document can either (a) be retrieved from [OpenID Discovery](https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-discovery-1_0.html) of the issuer or (b) inferred from the email domain of the issuer (e.g. a Google service account). Example: `https://www.googleapis.com/oauth2/v1/certs` Note: Only one of jwks_uri and jwks should be used. jwks_uri will be ignored if it does.
- `output_claim_to_headers` (Attributes List) This field specifies a list of operations to copy the claim to HTTP headers on a successfully verified token. This differs from the `output_payload_to_header` by allowing outputting individual claims instead of the whole payload. Only claims of type string, boolean, and integer are supported. Array type claims are not supported at this time. The header specified in each operation in the list must be unique. Nested claims of type string/int/bool is supported as well. ```   outputClaimToHeaders:   - header: x-my-company-jwt-group     claim: my-group   - header: x-test-environment-flag     claim: test-flag   - header: x-jwt-claim-group     claim: nested.key.group ``` [Experimental] This feature is a experimental feature. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--http--authentication--jwt--output_claim_to_headers))
- `output_payload_to_header` (String) This field specifies the header name to output a successfully verified JWT payload to the backend. The forwarded data is `base64_encoded(jwt_payload_in_JSON)`. If it is not specified, the payload will not be emitted.

<a id="nestedatt--http--authentication--jwt--from_headers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http.authentication.jwt.from_headers`

Required:

- `name` (String) The HTTP header name.

Optional:

- `prefix` (String) The prefix that should be stripped before decoding the token. For example, for `Authorization: Bearer <token>`, prefix=`Bearer ` with a space at the end. If the header doesn't have this exact prefix, it is considered invalid.


<a id="nestedatt--http--authentication--jwt--output_claim_to_headers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http.authentication.jwt.output_claim_to_headers`

Required:

- `claim` (String) The name of the claim to be copied from. Only claim of type string/int/bool is supported. The header will not be there if the claim does not exist or the type of the claim is not supported.
- `header` (String) The name of the header to be created. The header will be overridden if it already exists in the request.



<a id="nestedatt--http--authentication--oidc"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http.authentication.oidc`

Required:

- `client_id` (String) The client_id to be used in the authorize calls. This value will be URL encoded when sent to the OAuth server.
- `client_token_secret` (String) The name of the Kubernetes secret containing the client secret. Kubernetes generic opaque secret should contain `istio_generic_secret` key with base64 encoded client_secret as value.  For example --- apiVersion: v1 metadata:   name: bar   namespace: foo data:   istio_generic_secret: e2Jhc2U2NF9lbmNvZGVkX3Rva2VuX3NlY3JldH0= kind: Secret type: Opaque The secret must be present in the same namespace as the gateway or sidecar deployment for which the configuration is being applied for. The (gateway/ sidecar) deployment must also have RBAC permissions to view secrets in the current namespace. For gateways this is already configured, while for sidecar the permission should be added if not already present. The secret token stored will be URL encoded when sent to the OAuth server.
- `provider` (Attributes) The OIDC Provider configuration. If only `issuer` is provided, the config will be treated as `dynamic` and will be fetched from the well known endpoint. If more fields are configured, the configuration will be treated as `static` and thus should be complete. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--http--authentication--oidc--provider))
- `redirect_uri` (String) The redirect URI passed to the authorization endpoint It can also be formulated from request parameters For example: %REQ(x-forwarded-proto)%://%REQ(:authority)%/callback This URI should not contain any query parameters.

Optional:

- `auth_scopes` (List of String) Optional list of OAuth scopes to be claimed in the authorization request. If not specified, defaults to `user` scope. OAuth RFC https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6749#section-3.3
- `auth_type` (String) Defines how client_id and client_secret are sent in OAuth client to OAuth server requests. RFC https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc6749#section-2.3.1
- `grant_type` (String) Configure the [authorization grant type to be used](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc6749#section-1.3)
- `redirect_path_matcher` (String) Matching criteria used to determine whether a path appears to be the result of a redirect from the authorization server. The query and fragment string (if present) are removed in the URL path portion. For example, the path `/data` will match URI header `/data#fragment?param=value`. If not provided, default is derived from redirect_uri path Only exact match is configurable
- `signout_path` (String) The path to sign a user out, clearing their credential cookies. If not provided, default is `/signout` Only exact match is configurable
- `use_refresh_token` (Attributes) Enable automatic access token refresh using associated refresh token [(see RFC 6749 section 6)](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc6749#section-6) provided that the OAuth server supports that. If not set defaults to `true`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--http--authentication--oidc--use_refresh_token))

<a id="nestedatt--http--authentication--oidc--provider"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http.authentication.oidc.provider`

Required:

- `issuer` (String) The OIDC Provider's [issuer identifier](https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-discovery-1_0.html#IssuerDiscovery).

Optional:

- `authorization_endpoint` (String) The OIDC Provider's [authorization endpoint](https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-core-1_0.html#AuthorizationEndpoint). If not provided, it will be discovered from the provider's [Well-Known Configuration Endpoint](https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-discovery-1_0.html#ProviderConfigurationResponse).
- `jwks` (String) JSON string with the OIDC provider's JSON Web Key Sets. In general the URI for the Key Set is the preferred method for configuring JWKS. This setting is provided in case the provider doesn't publish JWKS via a public URI.
- `jwks_uri` (String) URI for the OIDC provider's JSON Web Key Sets. This can be found in the OIDC provider's configuration response. The JWKS are used for token verification.
- `tls` (Attributes) The TLS settings used by the clients to connect with the OIDC provider. If only the OIDC provider Issuer is specified, TSB will fetch the well-known configuration using the specified TLS settings. Proxies will be configured to verify the TLS certificates provided by the OIDC provider using the CA cert provided in TLS settings. If TLS settings are not defined, TSB uses the system default CA certificates to fetch the well-known configuration and proxies will not validate the TLS certificates provided by the OIDC provider. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--http--authentication--oidc--provider--tls))
- `token_endpoint` (String) The OIDC Provider's [token endpoint](https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-core-1_0.html#TokenEndpoint). If not provided, it will be discovered from the provider's [Well-Known Configuration Endpoint](https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-discovery-1_0.html#ProviderConfigurationResponse).

<a id="nestedatt--http--authentication--oidc--provider--tls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http.authentication.oidc.provider.tls`

Optional:

- `files` (Attributes) TLS key source from files. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--http--authentication--oidc--provider--tls--files))
- `mode` (String) Set this to DISABLED to disable TLS (not recommended from the security perspective), SIMPLE for one-way TLS and MUTUAL for mutual TLS (where client is required to present its certificate as well)
- `secret_name` (String) TLS key source from a Kubernetes Secret. This is applicable for gateway workloads.
- `subject_alt_names` (List of String) Subject alternative names is the list of names that are accepted as service name as part of TLS handshake

<a id="nestedatt--http--authentication--oidc--provider--tls--files"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http.authentication.oidc.provider.tls.files`

Optional:

- `ca_certificates` (String) File containing CA certificates to verify the certificates presented by the server. This is mandatory for both simple and mutual TLS. Here are some common paths for the system CA bundle on Linux and can be specified here if the server certificate is signed by a well known authority, already part of the system CA bundle on the host -    /etc/ssl/certs/ca-certificates.crt (Debian/Ubuntu/Gentoo etc.)   /etc/pki/ca-trust/extracted/pem/tls-ca-bundle.pem (CentOS/RHEL 7)   /etc/pki/tls/certs/ca-bundle.crt (Fedora/RHEL 6)
- `client_certificate` (String) Certificate file to authenticate the client. This is mandatory for mutual TLS and must not be specified for simple (one-way) TLS
- `private_key` (String) Private key file associated with the client certificate. This is mandatory for mutual TLS and must not be specified for simple TLS




<a id="nestedatt--http--authentication--oidc--use_refresh_token"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http.authentication.oidc.use_refresh_token`

Optional:

- `value` (Boolean) The bool value.



<a id="nestedatt--http--authentication--require_jwt"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http.authentication.require_jwt`

Optional:

- `value` (Boolean) The bool value.


<a id="nestedatt--http--authentication--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http.authentication.rules`

Optional:

- `jwt` (Attributes List) List of rules how to authenticate an HTTP request from a JWT Token attached to it. A JWT Token, if present in the HTTP request, must satisfy one of the rules defined here. The order in which rules are being checked at runtime might differ from the order in which they are defined here. If the JWT Token doesn't satisfy any of the rules, the request will be rejected. If the JWT Token does satisfy one of the rules, the identity of the request will be extracted from the JWT Token. Notice that an HTTP request without a JWT Token attached to it will NOT be rejected based on the rules defined here. Remember to define HTTP request authorization settings to achieve that. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--http--authentication--rules--jwt))

<a id="nestedatt--http--authentication--rules--jwt"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http.authentication.rules.jwt`

Required:

- `issuer` (String) Identifies the issuer that issued the JWT. See [issuer](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7519#section-4.1.1) A JWT with different `iss` claim will be rejected. Example: https://foobar.auth0.com Example: 1234567-compute@developer.gserviceaccount.com

Optional:

- `audiences` (List of String) The list of JWT [audiences](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7519#section-4.1.3). that are allowed to access. A JWT containing any of these audiences will be accepted. The service name will be accepted if audiences is empty.
- `from_cookies` (List of String) List of cookie names from which JWT is expected. For example, if config is:  fromCookies:  - auth-token Then JWT will be extracted from auth-token cookie in the request. Note: Requests with multiple tokens (at different locations) are not supported. The behaviour of authorization policies when there is more than one user identity is undefined
- `from_headers` (Attributes List) This field specifies the locations to extract JWT token. If no explicit location is specified the following default locations are tried in order:     1) The Authorization header using the Bearer schema,        e.g. Authorization: Bearer <token>. (see        [Authorization Request Header        Field](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6750#section-2.1))     2) The `access_token` query parameter (see     [URI Query Parameter](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6750#section-2.3)) List of header locations from which JWT is expected. For example, below is the location spec if JWT is expected to be found in `x-jwt-assertion` header, and have `Bearer ` prefix: ```yaml   fromHeaders:   - name: x-jwt-assertion     prefix: "Bearer " ``` Note: Multiple tokens present on the same request are not supported.  The behaviour of authorization policies when there is more than one user identity is undefined (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--http--authentication--rules--jwt--from_headers))
- `jwks` (String) JSON Web Key Set of public keys to validate signature of the JWT. See https://auth0.com/docs/jwks. Note: Only one of jwks_uri and jwks should be used. jwks_uri will be ignored if it does.
- `jwks_uri` (String) URL of the provider's public key set to validate signature of the JWT. See [OpenID Discovery](https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-discovery-1_0.html#ProviderMetadata). Optional if the key set document can either (a) be retrieved from [OpenID Discovery](https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-discovery-1_0.html) of the issuer or (b) inferred from the email domain of the issuer (e.g. a Google service account). Example: `https://www.googleapis.com/oauth2/v1/certs` Note: Only one of jwks_uri and jwks should be used. jwks_uri will be ignored if it does.
- `output_claim_to_headers` (Attributes List) This field specifies a list of operations to copy the claim to HTTP headers on a successfully verified token. This differs from the `output_payload_to_header` by allowing outputting individual claims instead of the whole payload. Only claims of type string, boolean, and integer are supported. Array type claims are not supported at this time. The header specified in each operation in the list must be unique. Nested claims of type string/int/bool is supported as well. ```   outputClaimToHeaders:   - header: x-my-company-jwt-group     claim: my-group   - header: x-test-environment-flag     claim: test-flag   - header: x-jwt-claim-group     claim: nested.key.group ``` [Experimental] This feature is a experimental feature. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--http--authentication--rules--jwt--output_claim_to_headers))
- `output_payload_to_header` (String) This field specifies the header name to output a successfully verified JWT payload to the backend. The forwarded data is `base64_encoded(jwt_payload_in_JSON)`. If it is not specified, the payload will not be emitted.

<a id="nestedatt--http--authentication--rules--jwt--from_headers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http.authentication.rules.jwt.from_headers`

Required:

- `name` (String) The HTTP header name.

Optional:

- `prefix` (String) The prefix that should be stripped before decoding the token. For example, for `Authorization: Bearer <token>`, prefix=`Bearer ` with a space at the end. If the header doesn't have this exact prefix, it is considered invalid.


<a id="nestedatt--http--authentication--rules--jwt--output_claim_to_headers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http.authentication.rules.jwt.output_claim_to_headers`

Required:

- `claim` (String) The name of the claim to be copied from. Only claim of type string/int/bool is supported. The header will not be there if the claim does not exist or the type of the claim is not supported.
- `header` (String) The name of the header to be created. The header will be overridden if it already exists in the request.





<a id="nestedatt--http--authorization"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http.authorization`

Optional:

- `external` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--http--authorization--external))
- `local` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--http--authorization--local))

<a id="nestedatt--http--authorization--external"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http.authorization.external`

Optional:

- `allowed_upstream_headers` (List of String) List of headers from the authorization service that should be added or overridden in the original request and forwarded to the upstream when the authorization check result is allowed (HTTP code 200). If not specified, the original request will not be modified and forwarded to backend as-is. Note, any existing headers will be overridden. Exact, prefix and suffix matches are supported - Exact match: "abc" will match on value "abc". - Prefix match: "abc*" will match on value "abc" and "abcd". - Suffix match: "*abc" will match on value "abc" and "xabc".
- `include_request_headers` (List of String)
- `path_prefix` (String) Sets a prefix to the value of authorization request header Path. For example, if the value of this field is "/foo", the value of the authorization request header Path will be "/foo/<original_path>".
- `timeout` (Attributes) Timeout controls how long the proxy waits for the external authorization backend to respond. If unset, TSB defaults to 1s. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--http--authorization--external--timeout))
- `tls` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--http--authorization--external--tls))
- `uri` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--http--authorization--external--timeout"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http.authorization.external.timeout`

Optional:

- `nanos` (Number) Signed fractions of a second at nanosecond resolution of the span of time. Durations less than one second are represented with a 0 `seconds` field and a positive or negative `nanos` field. For durations of one second or more, a non-zero value for the `nanos` field must be of the same sign as the `seconds` field. Must be from -999,999,999 to +999,999,999 inclusive.
- `seconds` (Number) Signed seconds of the span of time. Must be from -315,576,000,000 to +315,576,000,000 inclusive. Note: these bounds are computed from: 60 sec/min * 60 min/hr * 24 hr/day * 365.25 days/year * 10000 years


<a id="nestedatt--http--authorization--external--tls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http.authorization.external.tls`

Optional:

- `files` (Attributes) TLS key source from files. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--http--authorization--external--tls--files))
- `mode` (String) Set this to DISABLED to disable TLS (not recommended from the security perspective), SIMPLE for one-way TLS and MUTUAL for mutual TLS (where client is required to present its certificate as well)
- `secret_name` (String) TLS key source from a Kubernetes Secret. This is applicable for gateway workloads.
- `subject_alt_names` (List of String) Subject alternative names is the list of names that are accepted as service name as part of TLS handshake

<a id="nestedatt--http--authorization--external--tls--files"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http.authorization.external.tls.files`

Optional:

- `ca_certificates` (String) File containing CA certificates to verify the certificates presented by the server. This is mandatory for both simple and mutual TLS. Here are some common paths for the system CA bundle on Linux and can be specified here if the server certificate is signed by a well known authority, already part of the system CA bundle on the host -    /etc/ssl/certs/ca-certificates.crt (Debian/Ubuntu/Gentoo etc.)   /etc/pki/ca-trust/extracted/pem/tls-ca-bundle.pem (CentOS/RHEL 7)   /etc/pki/tls/certs/ca-bundle.crt (Fedora/RHEL 6)
- `client_certificate` (String) Certificate file to authenticate the client. This is mandatory for mutual TLS and must not be specified for simple (one-way) TLS
- `private_key` (String) Private key file associated with the client certificate. This is mandatory for mutual TLS and must not be specified for simple TLS




<a id="nestedatt--http--authorization--local"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http.authorization.local`

Optional:

- `rules` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--http--authorization--local--rules))

<a id="nestedatt--http--authorization--local--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http.authorization.local.rules`

Required:

- `name` (String) A friendly name to identify the binding.

Optional:

- `from` (Attributes List) Subjects configure the actors (end users, other services)  that are allowed to access the target resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--http--authorization--local--rules--from))
- `to` (Attributes List) A set of HTTP rules that need to be satisfied by the HTTP requests to get access to the target resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--http--authorization--local--rules--to))

<a id="nestedatt--http--authorization--local--rules--from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http.authorization.local.rules.from`

Optional:

- `jwt` (Attributes) JWT configuration to identity the subject. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--http--authorization--local--rules--from--jwt))

<a id="nestedatt--http--authorization--local--rules--from--jwt"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http.authorization.local.rules.from.jwt`

Optional:

- `iss` (String)
- `other` (Map of String) A set of arbitrary claims that are required to qualify the subject. E.g. "iss": "*@foo.com".
- `sub` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--http--authorization--local--rules--to"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http.authorization.local.rules.to`

Optional:

- `methods` (List of String) The HTTP methods that are allowed by this rule. E.g. ["GET", "HEAD"].
- `paths` (List of String) The request path where the request is made against. E.g. ["/accounts"].





<a id="nestedatt--http--extensions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http.extensions`

Optional:

- `composer` (Attributes) Extend using Composer. Composer is a way to extend TSB functionality by using Tetrate's provided plugins missing in Envoy or by writing your own custom code. It supports both Lua and Golang. Refer to HowTos to understand how to use the same. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--http--extensions--composer))
- `kong` (Attributes) Extend using Kong. The functionality provided by this extender will be added just before routing is done. This means all other listener filters configured on the gateway will be executed first such as RBAC (authorization policies) and then the request will be proeccessed by the `tetrate-kong-extender` sidecar. Please note that extending using Kong requires to run `tetrate-kong-extender` sidecar. Refer to HowTos to understand how to inject the same. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--http--extensions--kong))

<a id="nestedatt--http--extensions--composer"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http.extensions.composer`

Optional:

- `plugins` (Attributes List) List of plugins. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--http--extensions--composer--plugins))

<a id="nestedatt--http--extensions--composer--plugins"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http.extensions.composer.plugins`

Required:

- `name` (String) Plugin name. This can be one of the [Tetrate built in plugins](https://docs.tetrate.io/service-bridge/) or a custom plugin. Tetrate built in plugins are bundled with TSB and can run directly. However providing `pluginSource` is required if this is a custom plugin.

Optional:

- `config` (Attributes) Configuration for this plugin (Optional). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--http--extensions--composer--plugins--config))
- `priority` (Number) Priority to be given to this plugin (Optional). Priority decides the order of execution of plugins. For example. Plugin P1(priority=10) will be executed before Plugin P2(priority=100).
- `url` (String) Optional reference to a custom plugin. This url will be used to load the custom plugin binary. This is required if this is a custom plugin and can be empty for Tetrate built in plugins. Only OCI registry urls are supported for now. For example: oci://my-registry.io/my-repo/my-plugin:latest

<a id="nestedatt--http--extensions--composer--plugins--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http.extensions.composer.plugins.config`

Optional:

- `config_map` (String) Obtain plugin config from the specified kubernetes configMap. Ensure the configMap has a key "config" having values in the `yaml` format. The configMap must be present in the same namespace as the gateway install. The following is an example of a configMap which contains a valid config for tetrate's response-transformer plugin. ```yaml apiVersion: v1 data:   config: |     headersToAdd:     - key: "example-header"       value: "example-value"     headersToRemove:     - "example-header-to-remove"     bodyToSet: "the response is mutated!" kind: ConfigMap metadata:   name: response-transformer-config   namespace: gw-install-namespace type: Opaque ``` In case the configMap cannot be loaded (not found, bad format, schema validation failure or any other issue reading it), the config will be rejected by the `tetrate-composer` sidecar. NOT IMPLEMENTED.
- `inline` (String) Provide plugin config inline in the `yaml` format. The following is an example of a valid config for tetrate's response-transformer plugin. ```yaml inline:   headersToAdd:   - key: "example-header"     value: "example-value"   headersToRemove:   - "example-header-to-remove"   bodyToSet: "the response is mutated!" ``` If the config fails plugin's schema validation, the `tetrate-composer` sidecar will reject it.
- `secret` (String) Obtain plugin config from the specified kubernetes secret. Please ensure the secret has a key "config" having values in the `yaml` format. The secret must be present in the same namespace as the gateway install. The following is an example of a secret which contains a valid config for tetrate's response-transformer plugin. ```yaml apiVersion: v1 data:   config: YWRkOgogIGpzb246CiAgLSBleGFtcGxl kind: Secret metadata:   name: response-transformer-config   namespace: gw-install-namespace type: Opaque ``` In case the secret cannot be loaded (not found, bad format, schema validation failure or any other issue reading it), the config will be rejected by the `tetrate-composer` sidecar. NOT IMPLEMENTED.




<a id="nestedatt--http--extensions--kong"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http.extensions.kong`

Optional:

- `plugins` (Attributes List) List of plugins. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--http--extensions--kong--plugins))

<a id="nestedatt--http--extensions--kong--plugins"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http.extensions.kong.plugins`

Required:

- `name` (String) Plugin name. This can be one of the [Kong open source plugins](https://github.com/Kong/kong/tree/master/kong/plugins) or a custom plugin. Kong open source plugins are bundled with TSB and can run in the same fashion as Kong. However providing `pluginSource` is required if this is a custom plugin.

Optional:

- `config` (Attributes) Configuration for this plugin (Optional). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--http--extensions--kong--plugins--config))
- `plugin_source` (Attributes) Reference to a custom plugin that will be attached and enabled. A kong custom plugin is a user written custom logic written in lua  and can be used along with bundled plugins. For more information, please refer: [Kong's Documentation](https://docs.konghq.com/gateway/latest/plugin-development/custom-logic) Required if this is a custom plugin. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--http--extensions--kong--plugins--plugin_source))
- `priority` (Number) Priority to be given to this plugin (Optional). Priority is a concept of kong which decides the order of execution of plugins. Most of the bundled plugins come with a priority defined as per [kong's plugin execution order](https://docs.konghq.com/konnect/reference/plugins/#plugin-execution-order) TSB allows you to run both bundled and custom plugins in a different order by reassigning priorities.

<a id="nestedatt--http--extensions--kong--plugins--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http.extensions.kong.plugins.config`

Optional:

- `inline` (String) Provide plugin config inline in the `yaml` format. The following is an example of a valid config for Kong's response-transformer plugin. ```yaml inline:   add:     json:     - example ``` If the config fails plugin's schema vaildation, the `tetrate-kong-extender` sidecar will reject it.
- `secret` (String) Obtain plugin config from the specified kubernetes secret. Please ensure the secret has a key "config" having values in the `yaml` format. The secret must be present in the same namespace as the gateway install. The following is an example of a secret which contains a valid config for Kong's response-transformer plugin. ```yaml apiVersion: v1 data:   config: YWRkOgogIGpzb246CiAgLSBleGFtcGxl kind: Secret metadata:   name: response-transformer-config   namespace: gw-install-namespace type: Opaque ``` In case the secret cannot be loaded (not found, bad format, schema validation failure or any other issue reading it), the config will be rejected by the `tetrate-kong-extender` sidecar. NOT IMPLEMENTED.


<a id="nestedatt--http--extensions--kong--plugins--plugin_source"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http.extensions.kong.plugins.plugin_source`

Required:

- `config_map` (String) Kubernetes ConfigMap containing the plugin files. The configMap must be present in same namespace as the gateway install. To create this configmap in the gateway install namespace, run: ```yaml kubectl create configmap my-plugin --from-file=./my-plugin-dir` -n {gw-install-namespace} ``` and use the name `my-plugin` here. In case the configMap cannot be loaded (not found, bad format or any other issue reading it), the custom plugin will not be initialised and the config will be rejected by the `tetrate-kong-extender` sidecar.





<a id="nestedatt--http--failover_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http.failover_settings`

Optional:

- `automatic_load_balancing` (Attributes) Settings for configuring automatic load balancing between clusters based on observed metrics. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--http--failover_settings--automatic_load_balancing))
- `failover_priority` (List of String) FailoverPriority specifies the failover priority for traffic. FailoverPriority is an ordered list of labels  used to sort endpoints to do priority based load balancing.  This is to support traffic failover across different groups of endpoints. Internally these labels will be matched on both the client and endpoints to determine the priorities for the respective endpoints based on clients. Note: For a label to be considered for match, the previous labels must match, i.e.  nth label would be considered matched only if first n-1 labels match. If for a particular client-endpoint pair, all the n labels match, the endpoint will be considered P(0).bool If first n-1 labels match, the endpoint will be considered P(1) and so on. For getting the labels to be populated on the endpoints generated by the TSB for multicluster and eastwest scenario,  you will need to label the kubernetes service of your gateway or east-west exposed service using a label with prefix `failover.tetrate.io/`.  For example `failover.tetrate.io/version=v1` should be the label present on the kubernetes service of remote gateway or exposed service for east west traffic. Example of failoverPriority using these labels: ```yaml failoverPriority: - "failover.tetrate.io/version=v1" - "failover.tetrate.io/domain" ``` Another way to label the endpoints for eastwest scenario is to create a ServiceRoute object for the service and specify the labels in the ServiceRoute object. If there is any pod with such label present in the remote cluster, the endpoints for it will have these labels and thus it could be used in failoverPriority API. For example: Suppose if one of your clusters has service reviews only with version v1 and a second cluster with reviews only with version v2, Then use the below serviceroute object to populate service labels to the endpoints dynamically:  ```yaml apiVersion: traffic.tsb.tetrate.io/v2 kind: ServiceRoute metadata:   name: reviews   group: t1   workspace: w1   tenant: mycompany   organization: myorg spec:   service: ns1/reviews.ns1.svc.cluster.local   subsets:   - name: v1     labels:       version: v1   - name: v2     labels:       version: v2 ``` Example of failoverPriority using these labels: ```yaml failoverPriority: - "version=v1" - "failover.tetrate.io/domain" ```
- `regional_failover` (Attributes List) Locality routing settings for all gateways in the Workspace/Organization for which this is defined. Explicitly specify the region traffic will land on when endpoints in the local region become unhealthy. Should be used together with OutlierDetection to detect unhealthy endpoints. Note: if no OutlierDetection specified, this will not take effect. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--http--failover_settings--regional_failover))
- `topology_choice` (String) TopologyChoice specifies the topology preference for traffic priority. If not specified, the default value is `CLUSTER`. If failoverPriority is specified then this value is ignored.

<a id="nestedatt--http--failover_settings--automatic_load_balancing"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http.failover_settings.automatic_load_balancing`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Attributes) Whether to enable automatic load balancing. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--http--failover_settings--automatic_load_balancing--enabled))

<a id="nestedatt--http--failover_settings--automatic_load_balancing--enabled"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http.failover_settings.automatic_load_balancing.enabled`

Optional:

- `value` (Boolean) The bool value.



<a id="nestedatt--http--failover_settings--regional_failover"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http.failover_settings.regional_failover`

Optional:

- `from` (String) Originating region.
- `to` (String) Destination region the traffic will fail over to when endpoints in the 'from' region become unhealthy.



<a id="nestedatt--http--openapi"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http.openapi`

Optional:

- `validation` (Attributes) Validation options for the OpenAPI document. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--http--openapi--validation))

<a id="nestedatt--http--openapi--validation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http.openapi.validation`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) If set to true, the OpenAPI document is enabled for validation. Defaults to false.
- `path_prefix` (String) Prefix to add to the paths in the OpenAPI doc before matching against incoming requests.



<a id="nestedatt--http--rate_limiting"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http.rate_limiting`

Optional:

- `external_service` (Attributes) Configure ratelimiting using an external ratelimit server. This configuration only configures Envoy's ratelimit filters The user is expected to provision and configure their own external ratelimit server with the appropriate ratelimit values (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--http--rate_limiting--external_service))
- `local` (Attributes) Apply rate limits internally in the Envoy proxy. Envoy will manage the rate limiting buckets in memory. Each replica will have its own token bucket and apply rate limits independently. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--http--rate_limiting--local))
- `settings` (Attributes) Use Envoy and TSB's rateLimit server for ratelimiting HTTP Requests (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--http--rate_limiting--settings))

<a id="nestedatt--http--rate_limiting--external_service"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http.rate_limiting.external_service`

Required:

- `domain` (String) The rate limit domain to use when calling the rate limit service. Ratelimit settings are namespaced to a domain.
- `rate_limit_server_uri` (String) The URI at which the external rate limit server can be reached.
- `rules` (Attributes List) A set of rate limit rules. Each rule describes a list of dimension to match on. Once matched, a list of descriptors are sent to the external rate limit server (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--http--rate_limiting--external_service--rules))

Optional:

- `fail_closed` (Boolean) If the rate limit service is unavailable, the request will fail if failClosed is set to true. Defaults to false.
- `timeout` (Attributes) The timeout in seconds for the external rate limit server RPC. Defaults to 0.020 seconds (20ms). Traffic will not be allowed to the destination if failClosed is set to true and the request to the rate limit server times out. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--http--rate_limiting--external_service--timeout))
- `tls` (Attributes) Configure TLS parameters to be used when connecting to the external rate limit server. By default, the client will not validate the certificates it is presented with. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--http--rate_limiting--external_service--tls))

<a id="nestedatt--http--rate_limiting--external_service--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http.rate_limiting.external_service.rules`

Required:

- `dimensions` (Attributes List) A list of dimensions that are to be applied for this rate limit configuration. Order matters as the dimensions are processed sequentially and the descriptor is composed by appending descriptor entries in that sequence. If the condition for a dimension is not satisfied and cannot append a descriptor entry, no descriptor list is generated for the entire setting. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--http--rate_limiting--external_service--rules--dimensions))

<a id="nestedatt--http--rate_limiting--external_service--rules--dimensions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http.rate_limiting.external_service.rules.dimensions`

Optional:

- `destination_cluster` (Attributes) Rate limit on destination envoy cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--http--rate_limiting--external_service--rules--dimensions--destination_cluster))
- `header_value_match` (Attributes) Rate limit on the existence of certain request headers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--http--rate_limiting--external_service--rules--dimensions--header_value_match))
- `remote_address` (Attributes) Rate limit on remote address of client. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--http--rate_limiting--external_service--rules--dimensions--remote_address))
- `request_headers` (Attributes) Rate limit on the value of certain request headers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--http--rate_limiting--external_service--rules--dimensions--request_headers))
- `source_cluster` (Attributes) Rate limit on source envoy cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--http--rate_limiting--external_service--rules--dimensions--source_cluster))

<a id="nestedatt--http--rate_limiting--external_service--rules--dimensions--destination_cluster"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http.rate_limiting.external_service.rules.dimensions.destination_cluster`


<a id="nestedatt--http--rate_limiting--external_service--rules--dimensions--header_value_match"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http.rate_limiting.external_service.rules.dimensions.header_value_match`

Required:

- `descriptor_value` (String) The value to use in the descriptor entry.
- `headers` (Attributes Map) Specifies a set of headers that the rate limit action should match on. The action will check the request’s headers against all the specified headers in the config. A match will happen if all the headers in the config are present in the request with the same values (or based on presence if the value field is not in the config).  The header keys must be lowercase and use hyphen as the separator, e.g. x-request-id. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--http--rate_limiting--external_service--rules--dimensions--header_value_match--headers))

Optional:

- `dont_match` (Boolean) If set to true, the condition will be met when the header value does not match. Default value is false.

<a id="nestedatt--http--rate_limiting--external_service--rules--dimensions--header_value_match--headers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http.rate_limiting.external_service.rules.dimensions.header_value_match.headers`

Optional:

- `exact` (String) Exact string match.
- `prefix` (String) Prefix-based match.
- `regex` (String) ECMAscript style regex-based match.



<a id="nestedatt--http--rate_limiting--external_service--rules--dimensions--remote_address"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http.rate_limiting.external_service.rules.dimensions.remote_address`


<a id="nestedatt--http--rate_limiting--external_service--rules--dimensions--request_headers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http.rate_limiting.external_service.rules.dimensions.request_headers`

Required:

- `descriptor_key` (String) The key to use in the descriptor entry.
- `header_name` (String) The header name to be queried from the request headers. The header’s value is used to populate the value of the descriptor entry for the descriptor_key.


<a id="nestedatt--http--rate_limiting--external_service--rules--dimensions--source_cluster"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http.rate_limiting.external_service.rules.dimensions.source_cluster`




<a id="nestedatt--http--rate_limiting--external_service--timeout"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http.rate_limiting.external_service.timeout`

Optional:

- `nanos` (Number) Signed fractions of a second at nanosecond resolution of the span of time. Durations less than one second are represented with a 0 `seconds` field and a positive or negative `nanos` field. For durations of one second or more, a non-zero value for the `nanos` field must be of the same sign as the `seconds` field. Must be from -999,999,999 to +999,999,999 inclusive.
- `seconds` (Number) Signed seconds of the span of time. Must be from -315,576,000,000 to +315,576,000,000 inclusive. Note: these bounds are computed from: 60 sec/min * 60 min/hr * 24 hr/day * 365.25 days/year * 10000 years


<a id="nestedatt--http--rate_limiting--external_service--tls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http.rate_limiting.external_service.tls`

Optional:

- `files` (Attributes) TLS key source from files. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--http--rate_limiting--external_service--tls--files))
- `mode` (String) Set this to DISABLED to disable TLS (not recommended from the security perspective), SIMPLE for one-way TLS and MUTUAL for mutual TLS (where client is required to present its certificate as well)
- `secret_name` (String) TLS key source from a Kubernetes Secret. This is applicable for gateway workloads.
- `subject_alt_names` (List of String) Subject alternative names is the list of names that are accepted as service name as part of TLS handshake

<a id="nestedatt--http--rate_limiting--external_service--tls--files"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http.rate_limiting.external_service.tls.files`

Optional:

- `ca_certificates` (String) File containing CA certificates to verify the certificates presented by the server. This is mandatory for both simple and mutual TLS. Here are some common paths for the system CA bundle on Linux and can be specified here if the server certificate is signed by a well known authority, already part of the system CA bundle on the host -    /etc/ssl/certs/ca-certificates.crt (Debian/Ubuntu/Gentoo etc.)   /etc/pki/ca-trust/extracted/pem/tls-ca-bundle.pem (CentOS/RHEL 7)   /etc/pki/tls/certs/ca-bundle.crt (Fedora/RHEL 6)
- `client_certificate` (String) Certificate file to authenticate the client. This is mandatory for mutual TLS and must not be specified for simple (one-way) TLS
- `private_key` (String) Private key file associated with the client certificate. This is mandatory for mutual TLS and must not be specified for simple TLS




<a id="nestedatt--http--rate_limiting--local"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http.rate_limiting.local`

Required:

- `rules` (Attributes List) A list of rules for ratelimiting. Each rule defines a list of dimensions to match on and the rate limit value for the rule. Each rule is independent of the other synonymous to having an OR relationship. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--http--rate_limiting--local--rules))

Optional:

- `max_wildcard_dimensions` (Attributes) The maximum number of unique values that will be kept for dimensions with a wildcard. This limits memory usage, when this number is reached, the least recently used entry will be dropped. If this is set too low, the rate limits will not apply to all users. Defaults to 20. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--http--rate_limiting--local--max_wildcard_dimensions))

<a id="nestedatt--http--rate_limiting--local--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http.rate_limiting.local.rules`

Required:

- `dimensions` (Attributes List) A list of dimensions to define each ratelimit rule. Requests count towards the ratelimit value only when each and every dimension is matched for a given HTTP request synonymous to having an AND relationship. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--http--rate_limiting--local--rules--dimensions))
- `token_bucket` (Attributes) The ratelimit value that will be configured for the above rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--http--rate_limiting--local--rules--token_bucket))

<a id="nestedatt--http--rate_limiting--local--rules--dimensions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http.rate_limiting.local.rules.dimensions`

Optional:

- `header` (Attributes) Rate limit on certain HTTP headers. Special header names such as `:path` and `:method` can also be used. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--http--rate_limiting--local--rules--dimensions--header))
- `remote_address` (Attributes) Rate limit on the remote address of client. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--http--rate_limiting--local--rules--dimensions--remote_address))

<a id="nestedatt--http--rate_limiting--local--rules--dimensions--header"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http.rate_limiting.local.rules.dimensions.header`

Required:

- `name` (Attributes) Name of the header to match on. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--http--rate_limiting--local--rules--dimensions--header--name))

Optional:

- `dont_match` (Attributes) If set to true, the condition will be met when the header value does not match. Default value is false. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--http--rate_limiting--local--rules--dimensions--header--dont_match))
- `value` (Attributes) Value of the header to match on if matching on a specific value. If not specified, ratelimit on every unique value of the header. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--http--rate_limiting--local--rules--dimensions--header--value))

<a id="nestedatt--http--rate_limiting--local--rules--dimensions--header--name"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http.rate_limiting.local.rules.dimensions.header.name`

Optional:

- `value` (String) The string value.


<a id="nestedatt--http--rate_limiting--local--rules--dimensions--header--dont_match"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http.rate_limiting.local.rules.dimensions.header.dont_match`

Optional:

- `value` (Boolean) The bool value.


<a id="nestedatt--http--rate_limiting--local--rules--dimensions--header--value"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http.rate_limiting.local.rules.dimensions.header.value`

Optional:

- `exact` (String) Exact string match.
- `prefix` (String) Prefix-based match.
- `regex` (String) ECMAscript style regex-based match.



<a id="nestedatt--http--rate_limiting--local--rules--dimensions--remote_address"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http.rate_limiting.local.rules.dimensions.remote_address`

Required:

- `value` (Attributes) Ratelimit on a specific remote address. If the value is set to "*", ratelimit on every unique remote address. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--http--rate_limiting--local--rules--dimensions--remote_address--value))

<a id="nestedatt--http--rate_limiting--local--rules--dimensions--remote_address--value"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http.rate_limiting.local.rules.dimensions.remote_address.value`

Optional:

- `value` (String) The string value.




<a id="nestedatt--http--rate_limiting--local--rules--token_bucket"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http.rate_limiting.local.rules.token_bucket`

Required:

- `fill_interval` (Attributes) The fill interval that tokens are added to the bucket. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--http--rate_limiting--local--rules--token_bucket--fill_interval))
- `max_tokens` (Attributes) The maximum tokens that the bucket can hold. This is also the number of tokens that the bucket initially contains. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--http--rate_limiting--local--rules--token_bucket--max_tokens))

Optional:

- `tokens_per_fill` (Attributes) The number of tokens added to the bucket during each fill interval. If not specified, defaults to a single token. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--http--rate_limiting--local--rules--token_bucket--tokens_per_fill))

<a id="nestedatt--http--rate_limiting--local--rules--token_bucket--fill_interval"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http.rate_limiting.local.rules.token_bucket.fill_interval`

Optional:

- `nanos` (Number) Signed fractions of a second at nanosecond resolution of the span of time. Durations less than one second are represented with a 0 `seconds` field and a positive or negative `nanos` field. For durations of one second or more, a non-zero value for the `nanos` field must be of the same sign as the `seconds` field. Must be from -999,999,999 to +999,999,999 inclusive.
- `seconds` (Number) Signed seconds of the span of time. Must be from -315,576,000,000 to +315,576,000,000 inclusive. Note: these bounds are computed from: 60 sec/min * 60 min/hr * 24 hr/day * 365.25 days/year * 10000 years


<a id="nestedatt--http--rate_limiting--local--rules--token_bucket--max_tokens"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http.rate_limiting.local.rules.token_bucket.max_tokens`

Optional:

- `value` (Number) The uint32 value.


<a id="nestedatt--http--rate_limiting--local--rules--token_bucket--tokens_per_fill"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http.rate_limiting.local.rules.token_bucket.tokens_per_fill`

Optional:

- `value` (Number) The uint32 value.




<a id="nestedatt--http--rate_limiting--local--max_wildcard_dimensions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http.rate_limiting.local.max_wildcard_dimensions`

Optional:

- `value` (Number) The uint32 value.



<a id="nestedatt--http--rate_limiting--settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http.rate_limiting.settings`

Required:

- `rules` (Attributes List) A list of rules for ratelimiting. Each rule defines a list of dimensions to match on and the rate limit value for the rule. Each rule is independant of the other. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--http--rate_limiting--settings--rules))

Optional:

- `fail_closed` (Boolean) If the rate limit service is unavailable, the request will fail if failClosed is set to true. Defaults to false.
- `timeout` (Attributes) The timeout in seconds for the rate limit server RPC. Defaults to 0.020 seconds (20ms). Traffic will not be allowed to the destination if failClosed is set to true and the request to the rate limit server times out. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--http--rate_limiting--settings--timeout))

<a id="nestedatt--http--rate_limiting--settings--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http.rate_limiting.settings.rules`

Required:

- `dimensions` (Attributes List) A list of dimensions to define each ratelimit rule. Requests count towards the ratelimit value only when each and every condition in a dimension is matched for a given HTTP request. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--http--rate_limiting--settings--rules--dimensions))
- `limit` (Attributes) The ratelimit value that will be configured for the above rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--http--rate_limiting--settings--rules--limit))

<a id="nestedatt--http--rate_limiting--settings--rules--dimensions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http.rate_limiting.settings.rules.dimensions`

Optional:

- `header` (Attributes) Rate limit on certain HTTP headers. Special header names such as `:path` and `:method` can also be used. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--http--rate_limiting--settings--rules--dimensions--header))
- `remote_address` (Attributes) Rate limit on the remote address of client. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--http--rate_limiting--settings--rules--dimensions--remote_address))

<a id="nestedatt--http--rate_limiting--settings--rules--dimensions--header"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http.rate_limiting.settings.rules.dimensions.header`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the header to match on.

Optional:

- `dont_match` (Boolean) If set to true, the condition will be met when the header value does not match. Default value is false.
- `value` (Attributes) Value of the header to match on if matching on a specific value. If not specified, ratelimit on every unique value of the header. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--http--rate_limiting--settings--rules--dimensions--header--value))

<a id="nestedatt--http--rate_limiting--settings--rules--dimensions--header--value"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http.rate_limiting.settings.rules.dimensions.header.value`

Optional:

- `exact` (String) Exact string match.
- `prefix` (String) Prefix-based match.
- `regex` (String) ECMAscript style regex-based match.



<a id="nestedatt--http--rate_limiting--settings--rules--dimensions--remote_address"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http.rate_limiting.settings.rules.dimensions.remote_address`

Required:

- `value` (String) Ratelimit on a specific remote address. If the value is set to "*", ratelimit on every unique remote address.



<a id="nestedatt--http--rate_limiting--settings--rules--limit"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http.rate_limiting.settings.rules.limit`

Required:

- `requests_per_unit` (Number) Specifies the value of the rate limit.
- `unit` (String) Specifies the unit of time for rate limit.



<a id="nestedatt--http--rate_limiting--settings--timeout"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http.rate_limiting.settings.timeout`

Optional:

- `nanos` (Number) Signed fractions of a second at nanosecond resolution of the span of time. Durations less than one second are represented with a 0 `seconds` field and a positive or negative `nanos` field. For durations of one second or more, a non-zero value for the `nanos` field must be of the same sign as the `seconds` field. Must be from -999,999,999 to +999,999,999 inclusive.
- `seconds` (Number) Signed seconds of the span of time. Must be from -315,576,000,000 to +315,576,000,000 inclusive. Note: these bounds are computed from: 60 sec/min * 60 min/hr * 24 hr/day * 365.25 days/year * 10000 years




<a id="nestedatt--http--tls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http.tls`

Optional:

- `cipher_suites` (List of String) List of cipher suites to be used for TLS connections. Examples of cipher suites: - "TLS_RSA_WITH_AES_256_CBC_SHA" - "TLS_ECDHE_RSA_WITH_AES_128_GCM_SHA256" - "TLS_DHE_RSA_WITH_AES_256_GCM_SHA384" - "TLS_ECDHE_ECDSA_WITH_AES_128_CBC_SHA256" - "TLS_RSA_WITH_3DES_EDE_CBC_SHA"
- `files` (Attributes) Load the keys and certificates from files accessible to the ingress gateway workload. Only one of secretName or files must be specified. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--http--tls--files))
- `max_protocol_version` (String) Set the maximum supported TLS protocol version. Valid options: TLS_AUTO, TLSV1_0, TLSV1_1, TLSV1_2, TLSV1_3.
- `min_protocol_version` (String) Set the minimum supported TLS protocol version. Valid options: TLS_AUTO, TLSV1_0, TLSV1_1, TLSV1_2, TLSV1_3.
- `mode` (String) Set this to SIMPLE, or MUTUAL for one-way TLS, mutual TLS respectively.
- `secret_name` (String) The name of the secret in Kubernetes that holds the TLS certs including the CA certificates. For Unified Gateway config, if the secret is in a different namespace than the gateway, it must be prefixed with the namespace in the format of <namespace>/<secret_name>. For all other gateway types, the secret must be in the same namespace as the gateway resource. The secret (type generic) should contain the following keys and values: key: `<privateKey>`, cert: `<serverCert>`, cacert: `<CACertificate>`.
- `subject_alt_names` (List of String) List of Subject Alternative Names (SAN) from the client's certificate that are accepted for client identity verification during the TLS handshake.

<a id="nestedatt--http--tls--files"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http.tls.files`

Optional:

- `ca_certificates` (String) The path to the file containing ca certs for verifying clients while using mutual TLS
- `private_key` (String) The path to the server private key file
- `server_certificate` (String) The path to the server cert file




<a id="nestedatt--tcp"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tcp`

Required:

- `hostname` (String) Hostname to identify the service. When TLS is configured, clients have to use this as the Server Name Indication (SNI) for the TLS connection. When TLS is not configured (opaque TCP), this is used to identify the service traffic for defining routing configs. Usually, this is configured as the DNS name of the service. For instance, if clients access a zookeeper cluster as `zk-1.myorg.internal` then the hostname could be specified as `zk-1.myorg.internal`. This also helps easier identification in the configs. This is also used in multicluster routing. In the previous example, clients within the mesh can also use `zk-1.myorg.internal` to access this service (provided authorization policy allows it)
- `name` (String) A name assigned to the server. The name will be visible in the generated metrics. The name must be unique across all HTTP, TLS passthrough and TCP servers in a gateway.
- `route` (Attributes) Forward the connection to the specified destination. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tcp--route))

Optional:

- `failover_settings` (Attributes) Failover settings for all clients that try to access the hostname defined in this section. Note that this is a server side setting when gateway acts as tier2 gateway i.e. gateways with service destination, which means configuration is made by user on the server/service side but TSB configures client proxies to implement these configs. When this gateway acts a tier1 gateway i.e. when cluster destination is configured, this setting will be applied for the tier1 to tier2 failover. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tcp--failover_settings))
- `port` (Number) The port where the server is exposed. Note that the port 15443 is reserved. Also beware of the conflict among the services using different protocols on the same port. The conflict occurs in the following scenarios 1. Using plaintext and TLS (passthrough/termination) 2. Mixing multiple protocols without TLS (HTTP and non-HTTP protocols like Kafka, Zookeeper etc) 3. Multiple non-HTTP protocols without TLS Valid scenarios (for same port, multiple services) 1. Multiple protocols (HTTP, non-HTTP) with TLS passthrough/termination 2. Multiple HTTP services 3. Single non-HTTP service without TLS If the `transit` flag is set to true, populating the `port` will lead to an error, as the server is considered internal to the mesh. TSB will automatically  configure mTLS port(15443) for east-west multicluster traffic.
- `tls` (Attributes) TLS certificate info to terminate the TLS connection. If the `transit` flag is set to true, populating the `tls` will lead to an error, as the server is considered internal to the mesh. Gateway uses Istio mutual TLS to secure the connection for forwarding the traffic. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tcp--tls))
- `traffic_mode` (String) Traffic mode specifies the type of configuration applied to this server. It defines how the server handles traffic within the mesh. This setting determines whether the server manages incoming, outgoing, or transit traffic. By default, this setting is not required and will auto-detect the mode based on the deployment where this configuration is attached to. If unspecified, the default mode is AUTO. Possible values are: - AUTO: Automatically detect the type of configuration from the underlying Gateway deployment. - INGRESS: Configuration for managing incoming traffic into the mesh. - EGRESS: Configuration for managing outgoing traffic from the mesh to external services. - TRANSIT: Configuration for facilitating transit traffic between different clusters within the mesh.
- `transit` (Boolean) If set to true, the server is configured to be exposed within the mesh. This configuration enables forwarding traffic between two clusters that are not directly reachable. Deprecated: use `trafficMode: TRANSIT` instead.

<a id="nestedatt--tcp--route"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tcp.route`

Optional:

- `cluster_destination` (Attributes) RouteToClusters represents the clusters where the request needs to be routed to from the gateway. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tcp--route--cluster_destination))
- `service_destination` (Attributes) RouteToService represents the service running in clusters. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tcp--route--service_destination))

<a id="nestedatt--tcp--route--cluster_destination"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tcp.route.cluster_destination`

Optional:

- `clusters` (Attributes List) The destination clusters that contain ingress gateways exposing the hostname. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tcp--route--cluster_destination--clusters))

<a id="nestedatt--tcp--route--cluster_destination--clusters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tcp.route.cluster_destination.clusters`

Optional:

- `labels` (Map of String) Labels associated with the cluster. Any cluster with matching labels will be selected as a target. Only one of name or labels must be specified.
- `name` (String) The name of the destination cluster. Only one of name or labels must be specified.
- `network` (String) The network associated with the destination clusters. In addition to name/label selectors, only clusters matching the selected networks will be used as a target. At least one of name/labels, and/or network must be specified. Deprecated: The `network` field is deprecated and will be removed in future releases. Only `labels` matching against the cluster object is supported.
- `weight` (Number) The weight for traffic to a given destination.



<a id="nestedatt--tcp--route--service_destination"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tcp.route.service_destination`

Required:

- `host` (String) The destination service in `<namespace>/<fqdn>`. If the `trafficMode`` flag is set to `EGRESS`` or the `trafficMode` is set to `AUTO` and the gateway deployment is of type EGRESS, the gateway routes traffic to an external service through a user-created service entry. The service entry should only be created in the gateway deployment namespace with the location set to MESH_EXTERNAL.

Optional:

- `port` (Number) The port on the service to forward the request to. Omit only if the destination service has only one port.
- `tls` (Attributes) The `ClientTLSSettings` specifies how the `gateway` workload should establish connections to external services. This setting is intended for external services specifically. For normal mesh services, this should not be used, and the settings should be applied to the corresponding traffic/security groups instead. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tcp--route--service_destination--tls))

<a id="nestedatt--tcp--route--service_destination--tls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tcp.route.service_destination.tls`

Optional:

- `files` (Attributes) TLS key source from files. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tcp--route--service_destination--tls--files))
- `mode` (String) Set this to DISABLED to disable TLS (not recommended from the security perspective), SIMPLE for one-way TLS and MUTUAL for mutual TLS (where client is required to present its certificate as well)
- `secret_name` (String) TLS key source from a Kubernetes Secret. This is applicable for gateway workloads.
- `subject_alt_names` (List of String) Subject alternative names is the list of names that are accepted as service name as part of TLS handshake

<a id="nestedatt--tcp--route--service_destination--tls--files"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tcp.route.service_destination.tls.files`

Optional:

- `ca_certificates` (String) File containing CA certificates to verify the certificates presented by the server. This is mandatory for both simple and mutual TLS. Here are some common paths for the system CA bundle on Linux and can be specified here if the server certificate is signed by a well known authority, already part of the system CA bundle on the host -    /etc/ssl/certs/ca-certificates.crt (Debian/Ubuntu/Gentoo etc.)   /etc/pki/ca-trust/extracted/pem/tls-ca-bundle.pem (CentOS/RHEL 7)   /etc/pki/tls/certs/ca-bundle.crt (Fedora/RHEL 6)
- `client_certificate` (String) Certificate file to authenticate the client. This is mandatory for mutual TLS and must not be specified for simple (one-way) TLS
- `private_key` (String) Private key file associated with the client certificate. This is mandatory for mutual TLS and must not be specified for simple TLS





<a id="nestedatt--tcp--failover_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tcp.failover_settings`

Optional:

- `automatic_load_balancing` (Attributes) Settings for configuring automatic load balancing between clusters based on observed metrics. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tcp--failover_settings--automatic_load_balancing))
- `failover_priority` (List of String) FailoverPriority specifies the failover priority for traffic. FailoverPriority is an ordered list of labels  used to sort endpoints to do priority based load balancing.  This is to support traffic failover across different groups of endpoints. Internally these labels will be matched on both the client and endpoints to determine the priorities for the respective endpoints based on clients. Note: For a label to be considered for match, the previous labels must match, i.e.  nth label would be considered matched only if first n-1 labels match. If for a particular client-endpoint pair, all the n labels match, the endpoint will be considered P(0).bool If first n-1 labels match, the endpoint will be considered P(1) and so on. For getting the labels to be populated on the endpoints generated by the TSB for multicluster and eastwest scenario,  you will need to label the kubernetes service of your gateway or east-west exposed service using a label with prefix `failover.tetrate.io/`.  For example `failover.tetrate.io/version=v1` should be the label present on the kubernetes service of remote gateway or exposed service for east west traffic. Example of failoverPriority using these labels: ```yaml failoverPriority: - "failover.tetrate.io/version=v1" - "failover.tetrate.io/domain" ``` Another way to label the endpoints for eastwest scenario is to create a ServiceRoute object for the service and specify the labels in the ServiceRoute object. If there is any pod with such label present in the remote cluster, the endpoints for it will have these labels and thus it could be used in failoverPriority API. For example: Suppose if one of your clusters has service reviews only with version v1 and a second cluster with reviews only with version v2, Then use the below serviceroute object to populate service labels to the endpoints dynamically:  ```yaml apiVersion: traffic.tsb.tetrate.io/v2 kind: ServiceRoute metadata:   name: reviews   group: t1   workspace: w1   tenant: mycompany   organization: myorg spec:   service: ns1/reviews.ns1.svc.cluster.local   subsets:   - name: v1     labels:       version: v1   - name: v2     labels:       version: v2 ``` Example of failoverPriority using these labels: ```yaml failoverPriority: - "version=v1" - "failover.tetrate.io/domain" ```
- `regional_failover` (Attributes List) Locality routing settings for all gateways in the Workspace/Organization for which this is defined. Explicitly specify the region traffic will land on when endpoints in the local region become unhealthy. Should be used together with OutlierDetection to detect unhealthy endpoints. Note: if no OutlierDetection specified, this will not take effect. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tcp--failover_settings--regional_failover))
- `topology_choice` (String) TopologyChoice specifies the topology preference for traffic priority. If not specified, the default value is `CLUSTER`. If failoverPriority is specified then this value is ignored.

<a id="nestedatt--tcp--failover_settings--automatic_load_balancing"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tcp.failover_settings.automatic_load_balancing`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Attributes) Whether to enable automatic load balancing. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tcp--failover_settings--automatic_load_balancing--enabled))

<a id="nestedatt--tcp--failover_settings--automatic_load_balancing--enabled"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tcp.failover_settings.automatic_load_balancing.enabled`

Optional:

- `value` (Boolean) The bool value.



<a id="nestedatt--tcp--failover_settings--regional_failover"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tcp.failover_settings.regional_failover`

Optional:

- `from` (String) Originating region.
- `to` (String) Destination region the traffic will fail over to when endpoints in the 'from' region become unhealthy.



<a id="nestedatt--tcp--tls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tcp.tls`

Optional:

- `cipher_suites` (List of String) List of cipher suites to be used for TLS connections. Examples of cipher suites: - "TLS_RSA_WITH_AES_256_CBC_SHA" - "TLS_ECDHE_RSA_WITH_AES_128_GCM_SHA256" - "TLS_DHE_RSA_WITH_AES_256_GCM_SHA384" - "TLS_ECDHE_ECDSA_WITH_AES_128_CBC_SHA256" - "TLS_RSA_WITH_3DES_EDE_CBC_SHA"
- `files` (Attributes) Load the keys and certificates from files accessible to the ingress gateway workload. Only one of secretName or files must be specified. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tcp--tls--files))
- `max_protocol_version` (String) Set the maximum supported TLS protocol version. Valid options: TLS_AUTO, TLSV1_0, TLSV1_1, TLSV1_2, TLSV1_3.
- `min_protocol_version` (String) Set the minimum supported TLS protocol version. Valid options: TLS_AUTO, TLSV1_0, TLSV1_1, TLSV1_2, TLSV1_3.
- `mode` (String) Set this to SIMPLE, or MUTUAL for one-way TLS, mutual TLS respectively.
- `secret_name` (String) The name of the secret in Kubernetes that holds the TLS certs including the CA certificates. For Unified Gateway config, if the secret is in a different namespace than the gateway, it must be prefixed with the namespace in the format of <namespace>/<secret_name>. For all other gateway types, the secret must be in the same namespace as the gateway resource. The secret (type generic) should contain the following keys and values: key: `<privateKey>`, cert: `<serverCert>`, cacert: `<CACertificate>`.
- `subject_alt_names` (List of String) List of Subject Alternative Names (SAN) from the client's certificate that are accepted for client identity verification during the TLS handshake.

<a id="nestedatt--tcp--tls--files"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tcp.tls.files`

Optional:

- `ca_certificates` (String) The path to the file containing ca certs for verifying clients while using mutual TLS
- `private_key` (String) The path to the server private key file
- `server_certificate` (String) The path to the server cert file




<a id="nestedatt--tls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tls`

Required:

- `hostname` (String) Hostname with which the service can be expected to be accessed by clients. Routing will be done based on SNI matches for this hostname. **NOTE:** The "hostname:port" must be unique across all gateways in the cluster in order for multicluster routing to work.
- `name` (String) A name assigned to the server. The name will be visible in the generated metrics. The name must be unique across all HTTP, TLS passthrough and TCP servers in a gateway.
- `port` (Number) The port where the server is exposed. Two servers with different protocols (HTTP and HTTPS) should not share the same port. Note that port 15443 is reserved for internal use.
- `route` (Attributes) Forward the connection to the specified destination. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tls--route))

Optional:

- `failover_settings` (Attributes) Failover settings for all clients that try to access the hostname defined in this section. Note that this is a server side setting when gateway acts as tier2 gateway i.e. gateways with service destination, which means configuration is made by user on the server/service side but TSB configures client proxies to implement these configs. When this gateway acts a tier1 gateway i.e. when cluster destination is configured, this setting will be applied for the tier1 to tier2 failover. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tls--failover_settings))

<a id="nestedatt--tls--route"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tls.route`

Optional:

- `cluster_destination` (Attributes) RouteToClusters represents the clusters where the request needs to be routed to from the gateway. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tls--route--cluster_destination))
- `service_destination` (Attributes) RouteToService represents the service running in clusters. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tls--route--service_destination))

<a id="nestedatt--tls--route--cluster_destination"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tls.route.cluster_destination`

Optional:

- `clusters` (Attributes List) The destination clusters that contain ingress gateways exposing the hostname. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tls--route--cluster_destination--clusters))

<a id="nestedatt--tls--route--cluster_destination--clusters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tls.route.cluster_destination.clusters`

Optional:

- `labels` (Map of String) Labels associated with the cluster. Any cluster with matching labels will be selected as a target. Only one of name or labels must be specified.
- `name` (String) The name of the destination cluster. Only one of name or labels must be specified.
- `network` (String) The network associated with the destination clusters. In addition to name/label selectors, only clusters matching the selected networks will be used as a target. At least one of name/labels, and/or network must be specified. Deprecated: The `network` field is deprecated and will be removed in future releases. Only `labels` matching against the cluster object is supported.
- `weight` (Number) The weight for traffic to a given destination.



<a id="nestedatt--tls--route--service_destination"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tls.route.service_destination`

Required:

- `host` (String) The destination service in `<namespace>/<fqdn>`. If the `trafficMode`` flag is set to `EGRESS`` or the `trafficMode` is set to `AUTO` and the gateway deployment is of type EGRESS, the gateway routes traffic to an external service through a user-created service entry. The service entry should only be created in the gateway deployment namespace with the location set to MESH_EXTERNAL.

Optional:

- `port` (Number) The port on the service to forward the request to. Omit only if the destination service has only one port.
- `tls` (Attributes) The `ClientTLSSettings` specifies how the `gateway` workload should establish connections to external services. This setting is intended for external services specifically. For normal mesh services, this should not be used, and the settings should be applied to the corresponding traffic/security groups instead. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tls--route--service_destination--tls))

<a id="nestedatt--tls--route--service_destination--tls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tls.route.service_destination.tls`

Optional:

- `files` (Attributes) TLS key source from files. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tls--route--service_destination--tls--files))
- `mode` (String) Set this to DISABLED to disable TLS (not recommended from the security perspective), SIMPLE for one-way TLS and MUTUAL for mutual TLS (where client is required to present its certificate as well)
- `secret_name` (String) TLS key source from a Kubernetes Secret. This is applicable for gateway workloads.
- `subject_alt_names` (List of String) Subject alternative names is the list of names that are accepted as service name as part of TLS handshake

<a id="nestedatt--tls--route--service_destination--tls--files"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tls.route.service_destination.tls.files`

Optional:

- `ca_certificates` (String) File containing CA certificates to verify the certificates presented by the server. This is mandatory for both simple and mutual TLS. Here are some common paths for the system CA bundle on Linux and can be specified here if the server certificate is signed by a well known authority, already part of the system CA bundle on the host -    /etc/ssl/certs/ca-certificates.crt (Debian/Ubuntu/Gentoo etc.)   /etc/pki/ca-trust/extracted/pem/tls-ca-bundle.pem (CentOS/RHEL 7)   /etc/pki/tls/certs/ca-bundle.crt (Fedora/RHEL 6)
- `client_certificate` (String) Certificate file to authenticate the client. This is mandatory for mutual TLS and must not be specified for simple (one-way) TLS
- `private_key` (String) Private key file associated with the client certificate. This is mandatory for mutual TLS and must not be specified for simple TLS





<a id="nestedatt--tls--failover_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tls.failover_settings`

Optional:

- `automatic_load_balancing` (Attributes) Settings for configuring automatic load balancing between clusters based on observed metrics. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tls--failover_settings--automatic_load_balancing))
- `failover_priority` (List of String) FailoverPriority specifies the failover priority for traffic. FailoverPriority is an ordered list of labels  used to sort endpoints to do priority based load balancing.  This is to support traffic failover across different groups of endpoints. Internally these labels will be matched on both the client and endpoints to determine the priorities for the respective endpoints based on clients. Note: For a label to be considered for match, the previous labels must match, i.e.  nth label would be considered matched only if first n-1 labels match. If for a particular client-endpoint pair, all the n labels match, the endpoint will be considered P(0).bool If first n-1 labels match, the endpoint will be considered P(1) and so on. For getting the labels to be populated on the endpoints generated by the TSB for multicluster and eastwest scenario,  you will need to label the kubernetes service of your gateway or east-west exposed service using a label with prefix `failover.tetrate.io/`.  For example `failover.tetrate.io/version=v1` should be the label present on the kubernetes service of remote gateway or exposed service for east west traffic. Example of failoverPriority using these labels: ```yaml failoverPriority: - "failover.tetrate.io/version=v1" - "failover.tetrate.io/domain" ``` Another way to label the endpoints for eastwest scenario is to create a ServiceRoute object for the service and specify the labels in the ServiceRoute object. If there is any pod with such label present in the remote cluster, the endpoints for it will have these labels and thus it could be used in failoverPriority API. For example: Suppose if one of your clusters has service reviews only with version v1 and a second cluster with reviews only with version v2, Then use the below serviceroute object to populate service labels to the endpoints dynamically:  ```yaml apiVersion: traffic.tsb.tetrate.io/v2 kind: ServiceRoute metadata:   name: reviews   group: t1   workspace: w1   tenant: mycompany   organization: myorg spec:   service: ns1/reviews.ns1.svc.cluster.local   subsets:   - name: v1     labels:       version: v1   - name: v2     labels:       version: v2 ``` Example of failoverPriority using these labels: ```yaml failoverPriority: - "version=v1" - "failover.tetrate.io/domain" ```
- `regional_failover` (Attributes List) Locality routing settings for all gateways in the Workspace/Organization for which this is defined. Explicitly specify the region traffic will land on when endpoints in the local region become unhealthy. Should be used together with OutlierDetection to detect unhealthy endpoints. Note: if no OutlierDetection specified, this will not take effect. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tls--failover_settings--regional_failover))
- `topology_choice` (String) TopologyChoice specifies the topology preference for traffic priority. If not specified, the default value is `CLUSTER`. If failoverPriority is specified then this value is ignored.

<a id="nestedatt--tls--failover_settings--automatic_load_balancing"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tls.failover_settings.automatic_load_balancing`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Attributes) Whether to enable automatic load balancing. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tls--failover_settings--automatic_load_balancing--enabled))

<a id="nestedatt--tls--failover_settings--automatic_load_balancing--enabled"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tls.failover_settings.automatic_load_balancing.enabled`

Optional:

- `value` (Boolean) The bool value.



<a id="nestedatt--tls--failover_settings--regional_failover"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tls.failover_settings.regional_failover`

Optional:

- `from` (String) Originating region.
- `to` (String) Destination region the traffic will fail over to when endpoints in the 'from' region become unhealthy.




<a id="nestedatt--waf"></a>
### Nested Schema for `waf`

Required:

- `rules` (List of String) Rules to be leveraged by WAF. The parser evaluates the list of rules from the top to the bottom.


<a id="nestedatt--wasm_plugins"></a>
### Nested Schema for `wasm_plugins`

Optional:

- `config` (String) Configuration parameters sent to the WASM plugin execution. This configuration will overwrite the one specified globally in the extension. This config will be passed as-is to the extension. It is up to the extension to deserialize the config and use it.
- `match` (Attributes List) Specifies the criteria to determine which traffic is passed to WasmExtension. If a traffic satisfies any of TrafficSelectors, the traffic passes to the WasmExtension. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--wasm_plugins--match))

<a id="nestedatt--wasm_plugins--match"></a>
### Nested Schema for `wasm_plugins.match`

Optional:

- `mode` (String) Criteria for selecting traffic by their direction. Note that CLIENT and SERVER are analogous to OUTBOUND and INBOUND, respectively. For the gateway, the field should be CLIENT or CLIENT_AND_SERVER. If not specified, the default value is CLIENT_AND_SERVER.
- `ports` (Attributes List) Criteria for selecting traffic by their destination port. More specifically, for the outbound traffic, the destination port would be the port of the target service. On the other hand, for the inbound traffic, the destination port is the port bound by the server process in the same Pod. If one of the given `ports` is matched, this condition is evaluated to true. If not specified, this condition is evaluated to true for any port. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--wasm_plugins--match--ports))

<a id="nestedatt--wasm_plugins--match--ports"></a>
### Nested Schema for `wasm_plugins.match.ports`

Required:

- `number` (Number) Port number
