---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "tsb_gateway_egress_gateway Resource - terraform-provider-tsb"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# tsb_gateway_egress_gateway (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Short name of the EgressGateway resource.
- `parent` (String) The parent id for the EgressGateway resource.
- `workload_selector` (Attributes) Specify the gateway workloads (pod labels and Kubernetes namespace) under the gateway group that should be configured with this gateway. There can be only one gateway for a workload selector in a namespace. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--workload_selector))

### Optional

- `authorization` (Attributes List) The description of which service accounts can access which hosts. If the list of authorization rules is empty, this egress gateway will deny all traffic. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--authorization))
- `config_generation_metadata` (Attributes) Metadata values that will be add into the Istio generated configurations. When using YAML APIs like `tctl` or `gitops`, put them into the `metadata.labels` or `metadata.annotations` instead. This field is only necessary when using gRPC APIs directly. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config_generation_metadata))
- `description` (String) A description of the resource.
- `display_name` (String) User friendly name for the resource.
- `extension` (Attributes List) Extensions specifies all the WasmExtensions assigned to this EgressGateway with the specific configuration for each extension. This custom configuration will override the one configured globally to the extension. Each extension has a global configuration including enablement and priority that will condition the execution of the assigned extensions. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--extension))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Fully-qualified name of the EgressGateway resource.

<a id="nestedatt--workload_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `workload_selector`

Required:

- `labels` (Map of String) One or more labels that indicate a specific set of pods/VMs in the namespace. If omitted, the TrafficSetting or SecuritySetting configuration will apply to all workloads in the namespace. Labels are required for Gateway API resources.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace where the workload resides.


<a id="nestedatt--authorization"></a>
### Nested Schema for `authorization`

Required:

- `to` (List of String) The external hostnames the workload(s) described in this rule can access. Hosts cannot be specified more than once. Use "*" to allow access to any external host

Optional:

- `from` (Attributes) The workloads or service accounts this authorization rule applies to. If not set, the rule applies to all workloads or service accounts. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--authorization--from))

<a id="nestedatt--authorization--from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `authorization.from`

Optional:

- `http` (Attributes) This is for configuring HTTP request authorization. Currently, we only support authorizing through an external backend/policy engine like OPA. Inline authorization rules for JWT are not yet supported for sidecars. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--authorization--from--http))
- `identity_match` (String) identity_match specifies the strategy for client identity verification to be employed during the evaluation of authorization (authz) rules within the service. This field determines how the identity of a client is verified and utilized to make authz decisions, offering different levels of security and flexibility based on the chosen mode. Possible values for identity_match are: - SOURCE_IDENTITY: Enforces authz decisions based on the service identity propagated from the client. This mode   ensures that authz is evaluated strictly based on the explicit identity of the requesting service, suitable for   environments requiring high security and strict identity verification. - PEER_CERTIFICATE: Utilizes the SPIFFE ID from mTLS certificates for authz decisions. This mode is aligned with   certificate-based identity validation, providing a secure, cryptographic method of asserting service identities. - PERMISSIVE: Allows a flexible approach by accepting either SOURCE_IDENTITY or PEER_CERTIFICATE for authz evaluation.   This mode is designed for transitional environments or for easing upgrades, offering a broader compatibility with   different identity verification methods. If identity_match is not explicitly specified, the system defaults to the PERMISSIVE mode, allowing for a more inclusive evaluation of authz rules that accommodates various identity verification strategies. The use of this field is dependent upon the `enableHttpMeshInternalIdentityPropagation` feature being enabled in the Control plane's configuration resource (CR). When this feature is active, it allows for the propagation and recognition of HTTP mesh internal identities, enabling the specified identity_match mode to take effect. If the feature is disabled in the Control Plane CR, the system reverts to using PEER_CERTIFICATE mode for identity verification, relying solely on mTLS certificate identities for authz rule evaluation. This configuration offers flexibility in adapting the identity verification strategy to the specific security requirements and operational contexts of your environment, ensuring that authz rules are applied effectively and securely based on the desired identity verification method.
- `mode` (String) A short cut for specifying the set of allowed callers.
- `rules` (Attributes) When the mode is `RULES`, you can allow or deny workload-to-workload communication by specifying in the `rules` field which target workloads are allowed or denied to communicate with other target workloads. When the mode is `RULES`, if no authorization rules are provided all requests will be accepted. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--authorization--from--rules))
- `service_accounts` (List of String) When the mode is `CUSTOM`, `serviceAccounts` specify the allowed set of service accounts (and the workloads using them). Must be in the `<namespace>/<service-account-name>` format. - `./*` indicates all service accounts in the namespace where the sidecar resides. - `ns1/*` indicates all service accounts in the `ns1` namespace. - `ns1/svc1-sa` indicates `svc1-sa` service account in `ns1` namespace. Namespace should be a valid kubernetes namespace, which follows [RFC 1123 Label Names](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#dns-label-names) rules. Service account should be a valid kubernetes service account, which follows [DNS Subdomain Names](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#dns-subdomain-names) rules.

<a id="nestedatt--authorization--from--http"></a>
### Nested Schema for `authorization.from.http`

Optional:

- `external` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--authorization--from--http--external))
- `local` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--authorization--from--http--local))

<a id="nestedatt--authorization--from--http--external"></a>
### Nested Schema for `authorization.from.http.external`

Optional:

- `allowed_upstream_headers` (List of String) List of headers from the authorization service that should be added or overridden in the original request and forwarded to the upstream when the authorization check result is allowed (HTTP code 200). If not specified, the original request will not be modified and forwarded to backend as-is. Note, any existing headers will be overridden. Exact, prefix and suffix matches are supported - Exact match: "abc" will match on value "abc". - Prefix match: "abc*" will match on value "abc" and "abcd". - Suffix match: "*abc" will match on value "abc" and "xabc".
- `include_request_headers` (List of String)
- `path_prefix` (String) Sets a prefix to the value of authorization request header Path. For example, if the value of this field is "/foo", the value of the authorization request header Path will be "/foo/<original_path>".
- `timeout` (Attributes) Timeout controls how long the proxy waits for the external authorization backend to respond. If unset, TSB defaults to 1s. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--authorization--from--http--external--timeout))
- `tls` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--authorization--from--http--external--tls))
- `uri` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--authorization--from--http--external--timeout"></a>
### Nested Schema for `authorization.from.http.external.timeout`

Optional:

- `nanos` (Number) Signed fractions of a second at nanosecond resolution of the span of time. Durations less than one second are represented with a 0 `seconds` field and a positive or negative `nanos` field. For durations of one second or more, a non-zero value for the `nanos` field must be of the same sign as the `seconds` field. Must be from -999,999,999 to +999,999,999 inclusive.
- `seconds` (Number) Signed seconds of the span of time. Must be from -315,576,000,000 to +315,576,000,000 inclusive. Note: these bounds are computed from: 60 sec/min * 60 min/hr * 24 hr/day * 365.25 days/year * 10000 years


<a id="nestedatt--authorization--from--http--external--tls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `authorization.from.http.external.tls`

Optional:

- `files` (Attributes) TLS key source from files. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--authorization--from--http--external--tls--files))
- `mode` (String) Set this to DISABLED to disable TLS (not recommended from the security perspective), SIMPLE for one-way TLS and MUTUAL for mutual TLS (where client is required to present its certificate as well)
- `secret_name` (String) TLS key source from a Kubernetes Secret. This is applicable for gateway workloads.
- `subject_alt_names` (List of String) Subject alternative names is the list of names that are accepted as service name as part of TLS handshake

<a id="nestedatt--authorization--from--http--external--tls--files"></a>
### Nested Schema for `authorization.from.http.external.tls.files`

Optional:

- `ca_certificates` (String) File containing CA certificates to verify the certificates presented by the server. This is mandatory for both simple and mutual TLS. Here are some common paths for the system CA bundle on Linux and can be specified here if the server certificate is signed by a well known authority, already part of the system CA bundle on the host -    /etc/ssl/certs/ca-certificates.crt (Debian/Ubuntu/Gentoo etc.)   /etc/pki/ca-trust/extracted/pem/tls-ca-bundle.pem (CentOS/RHEL 7)   /etc/pki/tls/certs/ca-bundle.crt (Fedora/RHEL 6)
- `client_certificate` (String) Certificate file to authenticate the client. This is mandatory for mutual TLS and must not be specified for simple (one-way) TLS
- `private_key` (String) Private key file associated with the client certificate. This is mandatory for mutual TLS and must not be specified for simple TLS




<a id="nestedatt--authorization--from--http--local"></a>
### Nested Schema for `authorization.from.http.local`

Optional:

- `rules` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--authorization--from--http--local--rules))

<a id="nestedatt--authorization--from--http--local--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `authorization.from.http.local.rules`

Required:

- `name` (String) A friendly name to identify the binding.

Optional:

- `from` (Attributes List) Subjects configure the actors (end users, other services)  that are allowed to access the target resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--authorization--from--http--local--rules--from))
- `to` (Attributes List) A set of HTTP rules that need to be satisfied by the HTTP requests to get access to the target resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--authorization--from--http--local--rules--to))

<a id="nestedatt--authorization--from--http--local--rules--from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `authorization.from.http.local.rules.from`

Optional:

- `jwt` (Attributes) JWT configuration to identity the subject. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--authorization--from--http--local--rules--from--jwt))

<a id="nestedatt--authorization--from--http--local--rules--from--jwt"></a>
### Nested Schema for `authorization.from.http.local.rules.from.jwt`

Optional:

- `iss` (String)
- `other` (Map of String) A set of arbitrary claims that are required to qualify the subject. E.g. "iss": "*@foo.com".
- `sub` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--authorization--from--http--local--rules--to"></a>
### Nested Schema for `authorization.from.http.local.rules.to`

Optional:

- `methods` (List of String) The HTTP methods that are allowed by this rule. E.g. ["GET", "HEAD"].
- `paths` (List of String) The request path where the request is made against. E.g. ["/accounts"].





<a id="nestedatt--authorization--from--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `authorization.from.rules`

Optional:

- `allow` (Attributes List) Allow specifies a list of rules. If a request matches at least one rule, the request is accepted. If no allow rules are provided, all requests are allowed. Each rule must be unique, no duplicates are allowed. A rule that is fully contained by another rule is not allowed. For instance, defining a rule from workspace `w1` to `w2` and another rule from security group `sg1` (which belongs to workspace `w1`) to `sg2` (which belongs to workspace `w2`) is not allowed. It is not allowed, because from security group `sg1` to `sg2` rule is already allowed by the rule from workspace `w1` to `ws2`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--authorization--from--rules--allow))
- `deny` (Attributes List) Deny specifies a list of rules. If a request matches at least one rule, the request is rejected. If deny rules are provided, the match will never occur, so no request can be rejected. Each rule must be unique, no duplicates are allowed. A rule that is fully contained by another rule is not allowed. For instance, defining a rule from workspace `w1` to `w2` and another rule from security group `sg1` (which belongs to workspace `w1`) to `sg2` (which belongs to workspace `w2`) is not allowed. It is not allowed, because from security group `sg1` to `sg2` rule is already denied by the rule from workspace `w1` to `w2`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--authorization--from--rules--deny))
- `deny_all` (Boolean) Deny all specifies whether all requests should be rejected. If it is true all requests will be rejected. If it is false the list of deny rules will be evaluated.

<a id="nestedatt--authorization--from--rules--allow"></a>
### Nested Schema for `authorization.from.rules.allow`

Required:

- `from` (Attributes) From specifies the source of a request. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--authorization--from--rules--allow--from))
- `to` (Attributes) To specifies the destination of a request. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--authorization--from--rules--allow--to))

<a id="nestedatt--authorization--from--rules--allow--from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `authorization.from.rules.allow.from`


<a id="nestedatt--authorization--from--rules--allow--to"></a>
### Nested Schema for `authorization.from.rules.allow.to`



<a id="nestedatt--authorization--from--rules--deny"></a>
### Nested Schema for `authorization.from.rules.deny`

Required:

- `from` (Attributes) From specifies the source of a request. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--authorization--from--rules--deny--from))
- `to` (Attributes) To specifies the destination of a request. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--authorization--from--rules--deny--to))

<a id="nestedatt--authorization--from--rules--deny--from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `authorization.from.rules.deny.from`


<a id="nestedatt--authorization--from--rules--deny--to"></a>
### Nested Schema for `authorization.from.rules.deny.to`






<a id="nestedatt--config_generation_metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config_generation_metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Set of key value paris that will be added into the `metadata.annotations` field of the Istio generated configurations.
- `labels` (Map of String) Set of key value paris that will be added into the `metadata.labels` field of the Istio generated configurations.


<a id="nestedatt--extension"></a>
### Nested Schema for `extension`

Optional:

- `config` (String) Configuration parameters sent to the WASM plugin execution. This configuration will overwrite the one specified globally in the extension. This config will be passed as-is to the extension. It is up to the extension to deserialize the config and use it.
- `match` (Attributes List) Specifies the criteria to determine which traffic is passed to WasmExtension. If a traffic satisfies any of TrafficSelectors, the traffic passes to the WasmExtension. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--extension--match))

<a id="nestedatt--extension--match"></a>
### Nested Schema for `extension.match`

Optional:

- `mode` (String) Criteria for selecting traffic by their direction. Note that CLIENT and SERVER are analogous to OUTBOUND and INBOUND, respectively. For the gateway, the field should be CLIENT or CLIENT_AND_SERVER. If not specified, the default value is CLIENT_AND_SERVER.
- `ports` (Attributes List) Criteria for selecting traffic by their destination port. More specifically, for the outbound traffic, the destination port would be the port of the target service. On the other hand, for the inbound traffic, the destination port is the port bound by the server process in the same Pod. If one of the given `ports` is matched, this condition is evaluated to true. If not specified, this condition is evaluated to true for any port. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--extension--match--ports))

<a id="nestedatt--extension--match--ports"></a>
### Nested Schema for `extension.match.ports`

Required:

- `number` (Number) Port number
