---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "tsb_gateway_tier1_gateway Resource - terraform-provider-tsb"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# tsb_gateway_tier1_gateway (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Short name of the Tier1Gateway resource.
- `parent` (String) The parent id for the Tier1Gateway resource.
- `workload_selector` (Attributes) Specify the gateway workloads (pod labels and Kubernetes namespace) under the gateway group that should be configured with this gateway. There can be only one gateway for a workload selector in a namespace. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--workload_selector))

### Optional

- `config_generation_metadata` (Attributes) Metadata values that will be add into the Istio generated configurations. When using YAML APIs like `tctl` or `gitops`, put them into the `metadata.labels` or `metadata.annotations` instead. This field is only necessary when using gRPC APIs directly. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config_generation_metadata))
- `description` (String) A description of the resource.
- `display_name` (String) User friendly name for the resource.
- `extension` (Attributes List) Extensions specifies all the WasmExtensions assigned to this Tier1Gateway with the specific configuration for each extension. This custom configuration will override the one configured globally to the extension. Each extension has a global configuration including enablement and priority that will condition the execution of the assigned extensions. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--extension))
- `external_servers` (Attributes List) One or more servers exposed by the gateway externally. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--external_servers))
- `internal_servers` (Attributes List) One or more servers exposed by the gateway internally for cross cluster forwarding. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--internal_servers))
- `passthrough_servers` (Attributes List) One or more tls passthrough servers exposed by the gateway externally. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--passthrough_servers))
- `tcp_external_servers` (Attributes List) One or more tcp servers exposed by the gateway externally. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tcp_external_servers))
- `tcp_internal_servers` (Attributes List) One or more tcp servers exposed by the gateway for mesh internal traffic. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tcp_internal_servers))
- `waf` (Attributes) WAF settings to be enabled for traffic passing through this Tier1 gateway. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--waf))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Fully-qualified name of the Tier1Gateway resource.

<a id="nestedatt--workload_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `workload_selector`

Required:

- `labels` (Map of String) One or more labels that indicate a specific set of pods/VMs in the namespace. If omitted, the TrafficSetting or SecuritySetting configuration will apply to all workloads in the namespace. Labels are required for Gateway API resources.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace where the workload resides.


<a id="nestedatt--config_generation_metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config_generation_metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Set of key value paris that will be added into the `metadata.annotations` field of the Istio generated configurations.
- `labels` (Map of String) Set of key value paris that will be added into the `metadata.labels` field of the Istio generated configurations.


<a id="nestedatt--extension"></a>
### Nested Schema for `extension`

Optional:

- `config` (String) Configuration parameters sent to the WASM plugin execution. This configuration will overwrite the one specified globally in the extension. This config will be passed as-is to the extension. It is up to the extension to deserialize the config and use it.
- `match` (Attributes List) Specifies the criteria to determine which traffic is passed to WasmExtension. If a traffic satisfies any of TrafficSelectors, the traffic passes to the WasmExtension. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--extension--match))

<a id="nestedatt--extension--match"></a>
### Nested Schema for `extension.match`

Optional:

- `mode` (String) Criteria for selecting traffic by their direction. Note that CLIENT and SERVER are analogous to OUTBOUND and INBOUND, respectively. For the gateway, the field should be CLIENT or CLIENT_AND_SERVER. If not specified, the default value is CLIENT_AND_SERVER.
- `ports` (Attributes List) Criteria for selecting traffic by their destination port. More specifically, for the outbound traffic, the destination port would be the port of the target service. On the other hand, for the inbound traffic, the destination port is the port bound by the server process in the same Pod. If one of the given `ports` is matched, this condition is evaluated to true. If not specified, this condition is evaluated to true for any port. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--extension--match--ports))

<a id="nestedatt--extension--match--ports"></a>
### Nested Schema for `extension.match.ports`

Required:

- `number` (Number) Port number




<a id="nestedatt--external_servers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `external_servers`

Required:

- `hostname` (String) Hostname with which the service can be expected to be accessed by clients.
- `name` (String) A name assigned to the server. The name will be visible in the generated metrics. The name must be unique across all external servers in the gateway.
- `port` (Number) The port where the server is exposed. Note that port 15443 is reserved.

Optional:

- `authentication` (Attributes) Authentication is used to configure the authentication of end-user credentials like JWT. It is highly recommended to configure this with TLS (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--external_servers--authentication))
- `authorization` (Attributes) Authorization is used to configure authorization of end users. It is highly recommended to configure this with TLS (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--external_servers--authorization))
- `clusters` (Attributes List) The destination clusters that contain ingress gateways exposing the hostname. If omitted, traffic will be automatically load balanced across all tier2 clusters whose ingress gateways expose the above hostname. If `redirect` is configured then this field cannot be configured. To do failover and locality based routing among clusters, either omit the clusters field or omit the weights from all the cluster destinations. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--external_servers--clusters))
- `rate_limiting` (Attributes) Configuration for rate limiting requests. This configuration is namespaced to a Tier1ExternalServer (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--external_servers--rate_limiting))
- `redirect` (Attributes) Redirect allows configuring HTTP redirect. When this is configured, the `clusters` field cannot be configured. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--external_servers--redirect))
- `tls` (Attributes) TLS certificate info. The gateway will terminate the TLS connection and forward it to the upstream ingress gateway using Istio mutual TLS on port 15443. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--external_servers--tls))

<a id="nestedatt--external_servers--authentication"></a>
### Nested Schema for `external_servers.authentication`

Optional:

- `jwt` (Attributes) Authenticate an HTTP request from a JWT Token attached to it. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--external_servers--authentication--jwt))
- `oidc` (Attributes) Authenticate an HTTP request using an external OIDC provider (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--external_servers--authentication--oidc))
- `require_jwt` (Attributes) If set to true, JWT authentication is mandatory and enforced with strict validation. Requests without a valid JWT token will be rejected with a 401 (Unauthorized) error. This field ONLY applies when JWT authentication is configured (via 'jwt' or 'rules'). It is IGNORED when OIDC is configured. Behavior when JWT is configured: - When false (default): JWT tokens are optional, but if provided, they must be valid.  Requests without tokens are allowed to pass through. - When true: All requests must have a valid JWT token from one of the configured providers, otherwise they receive a 401 response.   Note that to use this feature xcp.enable_jwt_authentication_require_jwt_token_setting needs to be set to true on controlplane CR. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--external_servers--authentication--require_jwt))
- `rules` (Attributes) List of rules how to authenticate an HTTP request. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--external_servers--authentication--rules))

<a id="nestedatt--external_servers--authentication--jwt"></a>
### Nested Schema for `external_servers.authentication.jwt`

Required:

- `issuer` (String) Identifies the issuer that issued the JWT. See [issuer](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7519#section-4.1.1) A JWT with different `iss` claim will be rejected. Example: https://foobar.auth0.com Example: 1234567-compute@developer.gserviceaccount.com

Optional:

- `audiences` (List of String) The list of JWT [audiences](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7519#section-4.1.3). that are allowed to access. A JWT containing any of these audiences will be accepted. The service name will be accepted if audiences is empty.
- `from_cookies` (List of String) List of cookie names from which JWT is expected. For example, if config is:  fromCookies:  - auth-token Then JWT will be extracted from auth-token cookie in the request. Note: Requests with multiple tokens (at different locations) are not supported. The behaviour of authorization policies when there is more than one user identity is undefined
- `from_headers` (Attributes List) This field specifies the locations to extract JWT token. If no explicit location is specified the following default locations are tried in order:     1) The Authorization header using the Bearer schema,        e.g. Authorization: Bearer <token>. (see        [Authorization Request Header        Field](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6750#section-2.1))     2) The `access_token` query parameter (see     [URI Query Parameter](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6750#section-2.3)) List of header locations from which JWT is expected. For example, below is the location spec if JWT is expected to be found in `x-jwt-assertion` header, and have `Bearer ` prefix: ```yaml   fromHeaders:   - name: x-jwt-assertion     prefix: "Bearer " ``` Note: Multiple tokens present on the same request are not supported.  The behaviour of authorization policies when there is more than one user identity is undefined (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--external_servers--authentication--jwt--from_headers))
- `jwks` (String) JSON Web Key Set of public keys to validate signature of the JWT. See https://auth0.com/docs/jwks. Note: Only one of jwks_uri and jwks should be used. jwks_uri will be ignored if it does.
- `jwks_uri` (String) URL of the provider's public key set to validate signature of the JWT. See [OpenID Discovery](https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-discovery-1_0.html#ProviderMetadata). Optional if the key set document can either (a) be retrieved from [OpenID Discovery](https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-discovery-1_0.html) of the issuer or (b) inferred from the email domain of the issuer (e.g. a Google service account). Example: `https://www.googleapis.com/oauth2/v1/certs` Note: Only one of jwks_uri and jwks should be used. jwks_uri will be ignored if it does.
- `output_claim_to_headers` (Attributes List) This field specifies a list of operations to copy the claim to HTTP headers on a successfully verified token. This differs from the `output_payload_to_header` by allowing outputting individual claims instead of the whole payload. Only claims of type string, boolean, and integer are supported. Array type claims are not supported at this time. The header specified in each operation in the list must be unique. Nested claims of type string/int/bool is supported as well. ```   outputClaimToHeaders:   - header: x-my-company-jwt-group     claim: my-group   - header: x-test-environment-flag     claim: test-flag   - header: x-jwt-claim-group     claim: nested.key.group ``` [Experimental] This feature is a experimental feature. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--external_servers--authentication--jwt--output_claim_to_headers))
- `output_payload_to_header` (String) This field specifies the header name to output a successfully verified JWT payload to the backend. The forwarded data is `base64_encoded(jwt_payload_in_JSON)`. If it is not specified, the payload will not be emitted.

<a id="nestedatt--external_servers--authentication--jwt--from_headers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `external_servers.authentication.jwt.from_headers`

Required:

- `name` (String) The HTTP header name.

Optional:

- `prefix` (String) The prefix that should be stripped before decoding the token. For example, for `Authorization: Bearer <token>`, prefix=`Bearer ` with a space at the end. If the header doesn't have this exact prefix, it is considered invalid.


<a id="nestedatt--external_servers--authentication--jwt--output_claim_to_headers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `external_servers.authentication.jwt.output_claim_to_headers`

Required:

- `claim` (String) The name of the claim to be copied from. Only claim of type string/int/bool is supported. The header will not be there if the claim does not exist or the type of the claim is not supported.
- `header` (String) The name of the header to be created. The header will be overridden if it already exists in the request.



<a id="nestedatt--external_servers--authentication--oidc"></a>
### Nested Schema for `external_servers.authentication.oidc`

Required:

- `client_id` (String) The client_id to be used in the authorize calls. This value will be URL encoded when sent to the OAuth server.
- `client_token_secret` (String) The name of the Kubernetes secret containing the client secret. Kubernetes generic opaque secret should contain `istio_generic_secret` key with base64 encoded client_secret as value.  For example --- apiVersion: v1 metadata:   name: bar   namespace: foo data:   istio_generic_secret: e2Jhc2U2NF9lbmNvZGVkX3Rva2VuX3NlY3JldH0= kind: Secret type: Opaque The secret must be present in the same namespace as the gateway or sidecar deployment for which the configuration is being applied for. The (gateway/ sidecar) deployment must also have RBAC permissions to view secrets in the current namespace. For gateways this is already configured, while for sidecar the permission should be added if not already present. The secret token stored will be URL encoded when sent to the OAuth server.
- `provider` (Attributes) The OIDC Provider configuration. If only `issuer` is provided, the config will be treated as `dynamic` and will be fetched from the well known endpoint. If more fields are configured, the configuration will be treated as `static` and thus should be complete. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--external_servers--authentication--oidc--provider))
- `redirect_uri` (String) The redirect URI passed to the authorization endpoint It can also be formulated from request parameters For example: %REQ(x-forwarded-proto)%://%REQ(:authority)%/callback This URI should not contain any query parameters.

Optional:

- `auth_scopes` (List of String) Optional list of OAuth scopes to be claimed in the authorization request. If not specified, defaults to `user` scope. OAuth RFC https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6749#section-3.3
- `auth_type` (String) Defines how client_id and client_secret are sent in OAuth client to OAuth server requests. RFC https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc6749#section-2.3.1
- `grant_type` (String) Configure the [authorization grant type to be used](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc6749#section-1.3)
- `redirect_path_matcher` (String) Matching criteria used to determine whether a path appears to be the result of a redirect from the authorization server. The query and fragment string (if present) are removed in the URL path portion. For example, the path `/data` will match URI header `/data#fragment?param=value`. If not provided, default is derived from redirect_uri path Only exact match is configurable
- `signout_path` (String) The path to sign a user out, clearing their credential cookies. If not provided, default is `/signout` Only exact match is configurable
- `use_refresh_token` (Attributes) Enable automatic access token refresh using associated refresh token [(see RFC 6749 section 6)](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc6749#section-6) provided that the OAuth server supports that. If not set defaults to `true`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--external_servers--authentication--oidc--use_refresh_token))

<a id="nestedatt--external_servers--authentication--oidc--provider"></a>
### Nested Schema for `external_servers.authentication.oidc.provider`

Required:

- `issuer` (String) The OIDC Provider's [issuer identifier](https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-discovery-1_0.html#IssuerDiscovery).

Optional:

- `authorization_endpoint` (String) The OIDC Provider's [authorization endpoint](https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-core-1_0.html#AuthorizationEndpoint). If not provided, it will be discovered from the provider's [Well-Known Configuration Endpoint](https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-discovery-1_0.html#ProviderConfigurationResponse).
- `jwks` (String) JSON string with the OIDC provider's JSON Web Key Sets. In general the URI for the Key Set is the preferred method for configuring JWKS. This setting is provided in case the provider doesn't publish JWKS via a public URI.
- `jwks_uri` (String) URI for the OIDC provider's JSON Web Key Sets. This can be found in the OIDC provider's configuration response. The JWKS are used for token verification.
- `tls` (Attributes) The TLS settings used by the clients to connect with the OIDC provider. If only the OIDC provider Issuer is specified, TSB will fetch the well-known configuration using the specified TLS settings. Proxies will be configured to verify the TLS certificates provided by the OIDC provider using the CA cert provided in TLS settings. If TLS settings are not defined, TSB uses the system default CA certificates to fetch the well-known configuration and proxies will not validate the TLS certificates provided by the OIDC provider. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--external_servers--authentication--oidc--provider--tls))
- `token_endpoint` (String) The OIDC Provider's [token endpoint](https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-core-1_0.html#TokenEndpoint). If not provided, it will be discovered from the provider's [Well-Known Configuration Endpoint](https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-discovery-1_0.html#ProviderConfigurationResponse).

<a id="nestedatt--external_servers--authentication--oidc--provider--tls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `external_servers.authentication.oidc.provider.tls`

Optional:

- `files` (Attributes) TLS key source from files. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--external_servers--authentication--oidc--provider--tls--files))
- `mode` (String) Set this to DISABLED to disable TLS (not recommended from the security perspective), SIMPLE for one-way TLS and MUTUAL for mutual TLS (where client is required to present its certificate as well)
- `secret_name` (String) TLS key source from a Kubernetes Secret. This is applicable for gateway workloads.
- `subject_alt_names` (List of String) Subject alternative names is the list of names that are accepted as service name as part of TLS handshake

<a id="nestedatt--external_servers--authentication--oidc--provider--tls--files"></a>
### Nested Schema for `external_servers.authentication.oidc.provider.tls.files`

Optional:

- `ca_certificates` (String) File containing CA certificates to verify the certificates presented by the server. This is mandatory for both simple and mutual TLS. Here are some common paths for the system CA bundle on Linux and can be specified here if the server certificate is signed by a well known authority, already part of the system CA bundle on the host -    /etc/ssl/certs/ca-certificates.crt (Debian/Ubuntu/Gentoo etc.)   /etc/pki/ca-trust/extracted/pem/tls-ca-bundle.pem (CentOS/RHEL 7)   /etc/pki/tls/certs/ca-bundle.crt (Fedora/RHEL 6)
- `client_certificate` (String) Certificate file to authenticate the client. This is mandatory for mutual TLS and must not be specified for simple (one-way) TLS
- `private_key` (String) Private key file associated with the client certificate. This is mandatory for mutual TLS and must not be specified for simple TLS




<a id="nestedatt--external_servers--authentication--oidc--use_refresh_token"></a>
### Nested Schema for `external_servers.authentication.oidc.use_refresh_token`

Optional:

- `value` (Boolean) The bool value.



<a id="nestedatt--external_servers--authentication--require_jwt"></a>
### Nested Schema for `external_servers.authentication.require_jwt`

Optional:

- `value` (Boolean) The bool value.


<a id="nestedatt--external_servers--authentication--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `external_servers.authentication.rules`

Optional:

- `jwt` (Attributes List) List of rules how to authenticate an HTTP request from a JWT Token attached to it. A JWT Token, if present in the HTTP request, must satisfy one of the rules defined here. The order in which rules are being checked at runtime might differ from the order in which they are defined here. If the JWT Token doesn't satisfy any of the rules, the request will be rejected. If the JWT Token does satisfy one of the rules, the identity of the request will be extracted from the JWT Token. Notice that an HTTP request without a JWT Token attached to it will NOT be rejected based on the rules defined here. Remember to define HTTP request authorization settings to achieve that. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--external_servers--authentication--rules--jwt))

<a id="nestedatt--external_servers--authentication--rules--jwt"></a>
### Nested Schema for `external_servers.authentication.rules.jwt`

Required:

- `issuer` (String) Identifies the issuer that issued the JWT. See [issuer](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7519#section-4.1.1) A JWT with different `iss` claim will be rejected. Example: https://foobar.auth0.com Example: 1234567-compute@developer.gserviceaccount.com

Optional:

- `audiences` (List of String) The list of JWT [audiences](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7519#section-4.1.3). that are allowed to access. A JWT containing any of these audiences will be accepted. The service name will be accepted if audiences is empty.
- `from_cookies` (List of String) List of cookie names from which JWT is expected. For example, if config is:  fromCookies:  - auth-token Then JWT will be extracted from auth-token cookie in the request. Note: Requests with multiple tokens (at different locations) are not supported. The behaviour of authorization policies when there is more than one user identity is undefined
- `from_headers` (Attributes List) This field specifies the locations to extract JWT token. If no explicit location is specified the following default locations are tried in order:     1) The Authorization header using the Bearer schema,        e.g. Authorization: Bearer <token>. (see        [Authorization Request Header        Field](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6750#section-2.1))     2) The `access_token` query parameter (see     [URI Query Parameter](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6750#section-2.3)) List of header locations from which JWT is expected. For example, below is the location spec if JWT is expected to be found in `x-jwt-assertion` header, and have `Bearer ` prefix: ```yaml   fromHeaders:   - name: x-jwt-assertion     prefix: "Bearer " ``` Note: Multiple tokens present on the same request are not supported.  The behaviour of authorization policies when there is more than one user identity is undefined (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--external_servers--authentication--rules--jwt--from_headers))
- `jwks` (String) JSON Web Key Set of public keys to validate signature of the JWT. See https://auth0.com/docs/jwks. Note: Only one of jwks_uri and jwks should be used. jwks_uri will be ignored if it does.
- `jwks_uri` (String) URL of the provider's public key set to validate signature of the JWT. See [OpenID Discovery](https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-discovery-1_0.html#ProviderMetadata). Optional if the key set document can either (a) be retrieved from [OpenID Discovery](https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-discovery-1_0.html) of the issuer or (b) inferred from the email domain of the issuer (e.g. a Google service account). Example: `https://www.googleapis.com/oauth2/v1/certs` Note: Only one of jwks_uri and jwks should be used. jwks_uri will be ignored if it does.
- `output_claim_to_headers` (Attributes List) This field specifies a list of operations to copy the claim to HTTP headers on a successfully verified token. This differs from the `output_payload_to_header` by allowing outputting individual claims instead of the whole payload. Only claims of type string, boolean, and integer are supported. Array type claims are not supported at this time. The header specified in each operation in the list must be unique. Nested claims of type string/int/bool is supported as well. ```   outputClaimToHeaders:   - header: x-my-company-jwt-group     claim: my-group   - header: x-test-environment-flag     claim: test-flag   - header: x-jwt-claim-group     claim: nested.key.group ``` [Experimental] This feature is a experimental feature. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--external_servers--authentication--rules--jwt--output_claim_to_headers))
- `output_payload_to_header` (String) This field specifies the header name to output a successfully verified JWT payload to the backend. The forwarded data is `base64_encoded(jwt_payload_in_JSON)`. If it is not specified, the payload will not be emitted.

<a id="nestedatt--external_servers--authentication--rules--jwt--from_headers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `external_servers.authentication.rules.jwt.from_headers`

Required:

- `name` (String) The HTTP header name.

Optional:

- `prefix` (String) The prefix that should be stripped before decoding the token. For example, for `Authorization: Bearer <token>`, prefix=`Bearer ` with a space at the end. If the header doesn't have this exact prefix, it is considered invalid.


<a id="nestedatt--external_servers--authentication--rules--jwt--output_claim_to_headers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `external_servers.authentication.rules.jwt.output_claim_to_headers`

Required:

- `claim` (String) The name of the claim to be copied from. Only claim of type string/int/bool is supported. The header will not be there if the claim does not exist or the type of the claim is not supported.
- `header` (String) The name of the header to be created. The header will be overridden if it already exists in the request.





<a id="nestedatt--external_servers--authorization"></a>
### Nested Schema for `external_servers.authorization`

Optional:

- `external` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--external_servers--authorization--external))
- `local` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--external_servers--authorization--local))

<a id="nestedatt--external_servers--authorization--external"></a>
### Nested Schema for `external_servers.authorization.external`

Optional:

- `allowed_upstream_headers` (List of String) List of headers from the authorization service that should be added or overridden in the original request and forwarded to the upstream when the authorization check result is allowed (HTTP code 200). If not specified, the original request will not be modified and forwarded to backend as-is. Note, any existing headers will be overridden. Exact, prefix and suffix matches are supported - Exact match: "abc" will match on value "abc". - Prefix match: "abc*" will match on value "abc" and "abcd". - Suffix match: "*abc" will match on value "abc" and "xabc".
- `include_request_headers` (List of String)
- `path_prefix` (String) Sets a prefix to the value of authorization request header Path. For example, if the value of this field is "/foo", the value of the authorization request header Path will be "/foo/<original_path>".
- `timeout` (Attributes) Timeout controls how long the proxy waits for the external authorization backend to respond. If unset, TSB defaults to 1s. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--external_servers--authorization--external--timeout))
- `tls` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--external_servers--authorization--external--tls))
- `uri` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--external_servers--authorization--external--timeout"></a>
### Nested Schema for `external_servers.authorization.external.timeout`

Optional:

- `nanos` (Number) Signed fractions of a second at nanosecond resolution of the span of time. Durations less than one second are represented with a 0 `seconds` field and a positive or negative `nanos` field. For durations of one second or more, a non-zero value for the `nanos` field must be of the same sign as the `seconds` field. Must be from -999,999,999 to +999,999,999 inclusive.
- `seconds` (Number) Signed seconds of the span of time. Must be from -315,576,000,000 to +315,576,000,000 inclusive. Note: these bounds are computed from: 60 sec/min * 60 min/hr * 24 hr/day * 365.25 days/year * 10000 years


<a id="nestedatt--external_servers--authorization--external--tls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `external_servers.authorization.external.tls`

Optional:

- `files` (Attributes) TLS key source from files. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--external_servers--authorization--external--tls--files))
- `mode` (String) Set this to DISABLED to disable TLS (not recommended from the security perspective), SIMPLE for one-way TLS and MUTUAL for mutual TLS (where client is required to present its certificate as well)
- `secret_name` (String) TLS key source from a Kubernetes Secret. This is applicable for gateway workloads.
- `subject_alt_names` (List of String) Subject alternative names is the list of names that are accepted as service name as part of TLS handshake

<a id="nestedatt--external_servers--authorization--external--tls--files"></a>
### Nested Schema for `external_servers.authorization.external.tls.files`

Optional:

- `ca_certificates` (String) File containing CA certificates to verify the certificates presented by the server. This is mandatory for both simple and mutual TLS. Here are some common paths for the system CA bundle on Linux and can be specified here if the server certificate is signed by a well known authority, already part of the system CA bundle on the host -    /etc/ssl/certs/ca-certificates.crt (Debian/Ubuntu/Gentoo etc.)   /etc/pki/ca-trust/extracted/pem/tls-ca-bundle.pem (CentOS/RHEL 7)   /etc/pki/tls/certs/ca-bundle.crt (Fedora/RHEL 6)
- `client_certificate` (String) Certificate file to authenticate the client. This is mandatory for mutual TLS and must not be specified for simple (one-way) TLS
- `private_key` (String) Private key file associated with the client certificate. This is mandatory for mutual TLS and must not be specified for simple TLS




<a id="nestedatt--external_servers--authorization--local"></a>
### Nested Schema for `external_servers.authorization.local`

Optional:

- `rules` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--external_servers--authorization--local--rules))

<a id="nestedatt--external_servers--authorization--local--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `external_servers.authorization.local.rules`

Required:

- `name` (String) A friendly name to identify the binding.

Optional:

- `from` (Attributes List) Subjects configure the actors (end users, other services)  that are allowed to access the target resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--external_servers--authorization--local--rules--from))
- `to` (Attributes List) A set of HTTP rules that need to be satisfied by the HTTP requests to get access to the target resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--external_servers--authorization--local--rules--to))

<a id="nestedatt--external_servers--authorization--local--rules--from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `external_servers.authorization.local.rules.from`

Optional:

- `jwt` (Attributes) JWT configuration to identity the subject. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--external_servers--authorization--local--rules--from--jwt))

<a id="nestedatt--external_servers--authorization--local--rules--from--jwt"></a>
### Nested Schema for `external_servers.authorization.local.rules.from.jwt`

Optional:

- `iss` (String)
- `other` (Map of String) A set of arbitrary claims that are required to qualify the subject. E.g. "iss": "*@foo.com".
- `sub` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--external_servers--authorization--local--rules--to"></a>
### Nested Schema for `external_servers.authorization.local.rules.to`

Optional:

- `methods` (List of String) The HTTP methods that are allowed by this rule. E.g. ["GET", "HEAD"].
- `paths` (List of String) The request path where the request is made against. E.g. ["/accounts"].





<a id="nestedatt--external_servers--clusters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `external_servers.clusters`

Optional:

- `labels` (Map of String) Labels associated with the cluster. Any cluster with matching labels will be selected as a target. Only one of name or labels must be specified.
- `name` (String) The name of the destination cluster. Only one of name or labels must be specified.
- `network` (String) The network associated with the destination clusters. In addition to name/label selectors, only clusters matching the selected networks will be used as a target. At least one of name/labels, and/or network must be specified. Deprecated: The `network` field is deprecated and will be removed in future releases. Only `labels` matching against the cluster object is supported.
- `weight` (Number) The weight for traffic to a given destination.


<a id="nestedatt--external_servers--rate_limiting"></a>
### Nested Schema for `external_servers.rate_limiting`

Optional:

- `external_service` (Attributes) Configure ratelimiting using an external ratelimit server. This configuration only configures Envoy's ratelimit filters The user is expected to provision and configure their own external ratelimit server with the appropriate ratelimit values (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--external_servers--rate_limiting--external_service))
- `local` (Attributes) Apply rate limits internally in the Envoy proxy. Envoy will manage the rate limiting buckets in memory. Each replica will have its own token bucket and apply rate limits independently. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--external_servers--rate_limiting--local))
- `settings` (Attributes) Use Envoy and TSB's rateLimit server for ratelimiting HTTP Requests (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--external_servers--rate_limiting--settings))

<a id="nestedatt--external_servers--rate_limiting--external_service"></a>
### Nested Schema for `external_servers.rate_limiting.external_service`

Required:

- `domain` (String) The rate limit domain to use when calling the rate limit service. Ratelimit settings are namespaced to a domain.
- `rate_limit_server_uri` (String) The URI at which the external rate limit server can be reached.
- `rules` (Attributes List) A set of rate limit rules. Each rule describes a list of dimension to match on. Once matched, a list of descriptors are sent to the external rate limit server (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--external_servers--rate_limiting--external_service--rules))

Optional:

- `fail_closed` (Boolean) If the rate limit service is unavailable, the request will fail if failClosed is set to true. Defaults to false.
- `timeout` (Attributes) The timeout in seconds for the external rate limit server RPC. Defaults to 0.020 seconds (20ms). Traffic will not be allowed to the destination if failClosed is set to true and the request to the rate limit server times out. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--external_servers--rate_limiting--external_service--timeout))
- `tls` (Attributes) Configure TLS parameters to be used when connecting to the external rate limit server. By default, the client will not validate the certificates it is presented with. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--external_servers--rate_limiting--external_service--tls))

<a id="nestedatt--external_servers--rate_limiting--external_service--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `external_servers.rate_limiting.external_service.rules`

Required:

- `dimensions` (Attributes List) A list of dimensions that are to be applied for this rate limit configuration. Order matters as the dimensions are processed sequentially and the descriptor is composed by appending descriptor entries in that sequence. If the condition for a dimension is not satisfied and cannot append a descriptor entry, no descriptor list is generated for the entire setting. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--external_servers--rate_limiting--external_service--rules--dimensions))

<a id="nestedatt--external_servers--rate_limiting--external_service--rules--dimensions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `external_servers.rate_limiting.external_service.rules.dimensions`

Optional:

- `destination_cluster` (Attributes) Rate limit on destination envoy cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--external_servers--rate_limiting--external_service--rules--dimensions--destination_cluster))
- `header_value_match` (Attributes) Rate limit on the existence of certain request headers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--external_servers--rate_limiting--external_service--rules--dimensions--header_value_match))
- `remote_address` (Attributes) Rate limit on remote address of client. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--external_servers--rate_limiting--external_service--rules--dimensions--remote_address))
- `request_headers` (Attributes) Rate limit on the value of certain request headers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--external_servers--rate_limiting--external_service--rules--dimensions--request_headers))
- `source_cluster` (Attributes) Rate limit on source envoy cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--external_servers--rate_limiting--external_service--rules--dimensions--source_cluster))

<a id="nestedatt--external_servers--rate_limiting--external_service--rules--dimensions--destination_cluster"></a>
### Nested Schema for `external_servers.rate_limiting.external_service.rules.dimensions.destination_cluster`


<a id="nestedatt--external_servers--rate_limiting--external_service--rules--dimensions--header_value_match"></a>
### Nested Schema for `external_servers.rate_limiting.external_service.rules.dimensions.header_value_match`

Required:

- `descriptor_value` (String) The value to use in the descriptor entry.
- `headers` (Attributes Map) Specifies a set of headers that the rate limit action should match on. The action will check the request’s headers against all the specified headers in the config. A match will happen if all the headers in the config are present in the request with the same values (or based on presence if the value field is not in the config).  The header keys must be lowercase and use hyphen as the separator, e.g. x-request-id. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--external_servers--rate_limiting--external_service--rules--dimensions--header_value_match--headers))

Optional:

- `dont_match` (Boolean) If set to true, the condition will be met when the header value does not match. Default value is false.

<a id="nestedatt--external_servers--rate_limiting--external_service--rules--dimensions--header_value_match--headers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `external_servers.rate_limiting.external_service.rules.dimensions.header_value_match.headers`

Optional:

- `exact` (String) Exact string match.
- `prefix` (String) Prefix-based match.
- `regex` (String) ECMAscript style regex-based match.



<a id="nestedatt--external_servers--rate_limiting--external_service--rules--dimensions--remote_address"></a>
### Nested Schema for `external_servers.rate_limiting.external_service.rules.dimensions.remote_address`


<a id="nestedatt--external_servers--rate_limiting--external_service--rules--dimensions--request_headers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `external_servers.rate_limiting.external_service.rules.dimensions.request_headers`

Required:

- `descriptor_key` (String) The key to use in the descriptor entry.
- `header_name` (String) The header name to be queried from the request headers. The header’s value is used to populate the value of the descriptor entry for the descriptor_key.


<a id="nestedatt--external_servers--rate_limiting--external_service--rules--dimensions--source_cluster"></a>
### Nested Schema for `external_servers.rate_limiting.external_service.rules.dimensions.source_cluster`




<a id="nestedatt--external_servers--rate_limiting--external_service--timeout"></a>
### Nested Schema for `external_servers.rate_limiting.external_service.timeout`

Optional:

- `nanos` (Number) Signed fractions of a second at nanosecond resolution of the span of time. Durations less than one second are represented with a 0 `seconds` field and a positive or negative `nanos` field. For durations of one second or more, a non-zero value for the `nanos` field must be of the same sign as the `seconds` field. Must be from -999,999,999 to +999,999,999 inclusive.
- `seconds` (Number) Signed seconds of the span of time. Must be from -315,576,000,000 to +315,576,000,000 inclusive. Note: these bounds are computed from: 60 sec/min * 60 min/hr * 24 hr/day * 365.25 days/year * 10000 years


<a id="nestedatt--external_servers--rate_limiting--external_service--tls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `external_servers.rate_limiting.external_service.tls`

Optional:

- `files` (Attributes) TLS key source from files. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--external_servers--rate_limiting--external_service--tls--files))
- `mode` (String) Set this to DISABLED to disable TLS (not recommended from the security perspective), SIMPLE for one-way TLS and MUTUAL for mutual TLS (where client is required to present its certificate as well)
- `secret_name` (String) TLS key source from a Kubernetes Secret. This is applicable for gateway workloads.
- `subject_alt_names` (List of String) Subject alternative names is the list of names that are accepted as service name as part of TLS handshake

<a id="nestedatt--external_servers--rate_limiting--external_service--tls--files"></a>
### Nested Schema for `external_servers.rate_limiting.external_service.tls.files`

Optional:

- `ca_certificates` (String) File containing CA certificates to verify the certificates presented by the server. This is mandatory for both simple and mutual TLS. Here are some common paths for the system CA bundle on Linux and can be specified here if the server certificate is signed by a well known authority, already part of the system CA bundle on the host -    /etc/ssl/certs/ca-certificates.crt (Debian/Ubuntu/Gentoo etc.)   /etc/pki/ca-trust/extracted/pem/tls-ca-bundle.pem (CentOS/RHEL 7)   /etc/pki/tls/certs/ca-bundle.crt (Fedora/RHEL 6)
- `client_certificate` (String) Certificate file to authenticate the client. This is mandatory for mutual TLS and must not be specified for simple (one-way) TLS
- `private_key` (String) Private key file associated with the client certificate. This is mandatory for mutual TLS and must not be specified for simple TLS




<a id="nestedatt--external_servers--rate_limiting--local"></a>
### Nested Schema for `external_servers.rate_limiting.local`

Required:

- `rules` (Attributes List) A list of rules for ratelimiting. Each rule defines a list of dimensions to match on and the rate limit value for the rule. Each rule is independent of the other synonymous to having an OR relationship. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--external_servers--rate_limiting--local--rules))

Optional:

- `max_wildcard_dimensions` (Attributes) The maximum number of unique values that will be kept for dimensions with a wildcard. This limits memory usage, when this number is reached, the least recently used entry will be dropped. If this is set too low, the rate limits will not apply to all users. Defaults to 20. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--external_servers--rate_limiting--local--max_wildcard_dimensions))

<a id="nestedatt--external_servers--rate_limiting--local--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `external_servers.rate_limiting.local.rules`

Required:

- `dimensions` (Attributes List) A list of dimensions to define each ratelimit rule. Requests count towards the ratelimit value only when each and every dimension is matched for a given HTTP request synonymous to having an AND relationship. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--external_servers--rate_limiting--local--rules--dimensions))
- `token_bucket` (Attributes) The ratelimit value that will be configured for the above rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--external_servers--rate_limiting--local--rules--token_bucket))

<a id="nestedatt--external_servers--rate_limiting--local--rules--dimensions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `external_servers.rate_limiting.local.rules.dimensions`

Optional:

- `header` (Attributes) Rate limit on certain HTTP headers. Special header names such as `:path` and `:method` can also be used. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--external_servers--rate_limiting--local--rules--dimensions--header))
- `remote_address` (Attributes) Rate limit on the remote address of client. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--external_servers--rate_limiting--local--rules--dimensions--remote_address))

<a id="nestedatt--external_servers--rate_limiting--local--rules--dimensions--header"></a>
### Nested Schema for `external_servers.rate_limiting.local.rules.dimensions.header`

Required:

- `name` (Attributes) Name of the header to match on. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--external_servers--rate_limiting--local--rules--dimensions--header--name))

Optional:

- `dont_match` (Attributes) If set to true, the condition will be met when the header value does not match. Default value is false. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--external_servers--rate_limiting--local--rules--dimensions--header--dont_match))
- `value` (Attributes) Value of the header to match on if matching on a specific value. If not specified, ratelimit on every unique value of the header. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--external_servers--rate_limiting--local--rules--dimensions--header--value))

<a id="nestedatt--external_servers--rate_limiting--local--rules--dimensions--header--name"></a>
### Nested Schema for `external_servers.rate_limiting.local.rules.dimensions.header.name`

Optional:

- `value` (String) The string value.


<a id="nestedatt--external_servers--rate_limiting--local--rules--dimensions--header--dont_match"></a>
### Nested Schema for `external_servers.rate_limiting.local.rules.dimensions.header.dont_match`

Optional:

- `value` (Boolean) The bool value.


<a id="nestedatt--external_servers--rate_limiting--local--rules--dimensions--header--value"></a>
### Nested Schema for `external_servers.rate_limiting.local.rules.dimensions.header.value`

Optional:

- `exact` (String) Exact string match.
- `prefix` (String) Prefix-based match.
- `regex` (String) ECMAscript style regex-based match.



<a id="nestedatt--external_servers--rate_limiting--local--rules--dimensions--remote_address"></a>
### Nested Schema for `external_servers.rate_limiting.local.rules.dimensions.remote_address`

Required:

- `value` (Attributes) Ratelimit on a specific remote address. If the value is set to "*", ratelimit on every unique remote address. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--external_servers--rate_limiting--local--rules--dimensions--remote_address--value))

<a id="nestedatt--external_servers--rate_limiting--local--rules--dimensions--remote_address--value"></a>
### Nested Schema for `external_servers.rate_limiting.local.rules.dimensions.remote_address.value`

Optional:

- `value` (String) The string value.




<a id="nestedatt--external_servers--rate_limiting--local--rules--token_bucket"></a>
### Nested Schema for `external_servers.rate_limiting.local.rules.token_bucket`

Required:

- `fill_interval` (Attributes) The fill interval that tokens are added to the bucket. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--external_servers--rate_limiting--local--rules--token_bucket--fill_interval))
- `max_tokens` (Attributes) The maximum tokens that the bucket can hold. This is also the number of tokens that the bucket initially contains. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--external_servers--rate_limiting--local--rules--token_bucket--max_tokens))

Optional:

- `tokens_per_fill` (Attributes) The number of tokens added to the bucket during each fill interval. If not specified, defaults to a single token. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--external_servers--rate_limiting--local--rules--token_bucket--tokens_per_fill))

<a id="nestedatt--external_servers--rate_limiting--local--rules--token_bucket--fill_interval"></a>
### Nested Schema for `external_servers.rate_limiting.local.rules.token_bucket.fill_interval`

Optional:

- `nanos` (Number) Signed fractions of a second at nanosecond resolution of the span of time. Durations less than one second are represented with a 0 `seconds` field and a positive or negative `nanos` field. For durations of one second or more, a non-zero value for the `nanos` field must be of the same sign as the `seconds` field. Must be from -999,999,999 to +999,999,999 inclusive.
- `seconds` (Number) Signed seconds of the span of time. Must be from -315,576,000,000 to +315,576,000,000 inclusive. Note: these bounds are computed from: 60 sec/min * 60 min/hr * 24 hr/day * 365.25 days/year * 10000 years


<a id="nestedatt--external_servers--rate_limiting--local--rules--token_bucket--max_tokens"></a>
### Nested Schema for `external_servers.rate_limiting.local.rules.token_bucket.max_tokens`

Optional:

- `value` (Number) The uint32 value.


<a id="nestedatt--external_servers--rate_limiting--local--rules--token_bucket--tokens_per_fill"></a>
### Nested Schema for `external_servers.rate_limiting.local.rules.token_bucket.tokens_per_fill`

Optional:

- `value` (Number) The uint32 value.




<a id="nestedatt--external_servers--rate_limiting--local--max_wildcard_dimensions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `external_servers.rate_limiting.local.max_wildcard_dimensions`

Optional:

- `value` (Number) The uint32 value.



<a id="nestedatt--external_servers--rate_limiting--settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `external_servers.rate_limiting.settings`

Required:

- `rules` (Attributes List) A list of rules for ratelimiting. Each rule defines a list of dimensions to match on and the rate limit value for the rule. Each rule is independant of the other. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--external_servers--rate_limiting--settings--rules))

Optional:

- `fail_closed` (Boolean) If the rate limit service is unavailable, the request will fail if failClosed is set to true. Defaults to false.
- `timeout` (Attributes) The timeout in seconds for the rate limit server RPC. Defaults to 0.020 seconds (20ms). Traffic will not be allowed to the destination if failClosed is set to true and the request to the rate limit server times out. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--external_servers--rate_limiting--settings--timeout))

<a id="nestedatt--external_servers--rate_limiting--settings--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `external_servers.rate_limiting.settings.rules`

Required:

- `dimensions` (Attributes List) A list of dimensions to define each ratelimit rule. Requests count towards the ratelimit value only when each and every condition in a dimension is matched for a given HTTP request. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--external_servers--rate_limiting--settings--rules--dimensions))
- `limit` (Attributes) The ratelimit value that will be configured for the above rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--external_servers--rate_limiting--settings--rules--limit))

<a id="nestedatt--external_servers--rate_limiting--settings--rules--dimensions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `external_servers.rate_limiting.settings.rules.dimensions`

Optional:

- `header` (Attributes) Rate limit on certain HTTP headers. Special header names such as `:path` and `:method` can also be used. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--external_servers--rate_limiting--settings--rules--dimensions--header))
- `remote_address` (Attributes) Rate limit on the remote address of client. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--external_servers--rate_limiting--settings--rules--dimensions--remote_address))

<a id="nestedatt--external_servers--rate_limiting--settings--rules--dimensions--header"></a>
### Nested Schema for `external_servers.rate_limiting.settings.rules.dimensions.header`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the header to match on.

Optional:

- `dont_match` (Boolean) If set to true, the condition will be met when the header value does not match. Default value is false.
- `value` (Attributes) Value of the header to match on if matching on a specific value. If not specified, ratelimit on every unique value of the header. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--external_servers--rate_limiting--settings--rules--dimensions--header--value))

<a id="nestedatt--external_servers--rate_limiting--settings--rules--dimensions--header--value"></a>
### Nested Schema for `external_servers.rate_limiting.settings.rules.dimensions.header.value`

Optional:

- `exact` (String) Exact string match.
- `prefix` (String) Prefix-based match.
- `regex` (String) ECMAscript style regex-based match.



<a id="nestedatt--external_servers--rate_limiting--settings--rules--dimensions--remote_address"></a>
### Nested Schema for `external_servers.rate_limiting.settings.rules.dimensions.remote_address`

Required:

- `value` (String) Ratelimit on a specific remote address. If the value is set to "*", ratelimit on every unique remote address.



<a id="nestedatt--external_servers--rate_limiting--settings--rules--limit"></a>
### Nested Schema for `external_servers.rate_limiting.settings.rules.limit`

Required:

- `requests_per_unit` (Number) Specifies the value of the rate limit.
- `unit` (String) Specifies the unit of time for rate limit.



<a id="nestedatt--external_servers--rate_limiting--settings--timeout"></a>
### Nested Schema for `external_servers.rate_limiting.settings.timeout`

Optional:

- `nanos` (Number) Signed fractions of a second at nanosecond resolution of the span of time. Durations less than one second are represented with a 0 `seconds` field and a positive or negative `nanos` field. For durations of one second or more, a non-zero value for the `nanos` field must be of the same sign as the `seconds` field. Must be from -999,999,999 to +999,999,999 inclusive.
- `seconds` (Number) Signed seconds of the span of time. Must be from -315,576,000,000 to +315,576,000,000 inclusive. Note: these bounds are computed from: 60 sec/min * 60 min/hr * 24 hr/day * 365.25 days/year * 10000 years




<a id="nestedatt--external_servers--redirect"></a>
### Nested Schema for `external_servers.redirect`

Optional:

- `authority` (String) On a redirect, overwrite the Authority/Host portion of the URL with this value.
- `port` (Number) On a redirect, overwrite the Port portion of the URL with this value
- `redirect_code` (Number) On a redirect, Specifies the HTTP status code to use in the redirect response. It is expected to be 3XX. The default response code is MOVED_PERMANENTLY (301).
- `scheme` (String) On a redirect, overwrite the scheme with this one. This can be used to perform http -> https redirect by setting this to "https". Currently, the only supported values are "http" and "https" (in lower-case).
- `uri` (String) On a redirect, overwrite the Path portion of the URL with this value.


<a id="nestedatt--external_servers--tls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `external_servers.tls`

Optional:

- `cipher_suites` (List of String) List of cipher suites to be used for TLS connections. Examples of cipher suites: - "TLS_RSA_WITH_AES_256_CBC_SHA" - "TLS_ECDHE_RSA_WITH_AES_128_GCM_SHA256" - "TLS_DHE_RSA_WITH_AES_256_GCM_SHA384" - "TLS_ECDHE_ECDSA_WITH_AES_128_CBC_SHA256" - "TLS_RSA_WITH_3DES_EDE_CBC_SHA"
- `files` (Attributes) Load the keys and certificates from files accessible to the ingress gateway workload. Only one of secretName or files must be specified. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--external_servers--tls--files))
- `max_protocol_version` (String) Set the maximum supported TLS protocol version. Valid options: TLS_AUTO, TLSV1_0, TLSV1_1, TLSV1_2, TLSV1_3.
- `min_protocol_version` (String) Set the minimum supported TLS protocol version. Valid options: TLS_AUTO, TLSV1_0, TLSV1_1, TLSV1_2, TLSV1_3.
- `mode` (String) Set this to SIMPLE, or MUTUAL for one-way TLS, mutual TLS respectively.
- `secret_name` (String) The name of the secret in Kubernetes that holds the TLS certs including the CA certificates. For Unified Gateway config, if the secret is in a different namespace than the gateway, it must be prefixed with the namespace in the format of <namespace>/<secret_name>. For all other gateway types, the secret must be in the same namespace as the gateway resource. The secret (type generic) should contain the following keys and values: key: `<privateKey>`, cert: `<serverCert>`, cacert: `<CACertificate>`.
- `subject_alt_names` (List of String) List of Subject Alternative Names (SAN) from the client's certificate that are accepted for client identity verification during the TLS handshake.

<a id="nestedatt--external_servers--tls--files"></a>
### Nested Schema for `external_servers.tls.files`

Optional:

- `ca_certificates` (String) The path to the file containing ca certs for verifying clients while using mutual TLS
- `private_key` (String) The path to the server private key file
- `server_certificate` (String) The path to the server cert file




<a id="nestedatt--internal_servers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `internal_servers`

Required:

- `hostname` (String) Hostname with which the service can be expected to be accessed by sidecars in the mesh.
- `name` (String) A name assigned to the server. The name will be visible in the generated metrics. The name must be unique across all internal servers in the gateway.

Optional:

- `authentication` (Attributes) Authentication is used to configure the authentication of end-user credentials like JWT. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--internal_servers--authentication))
- `authorization` (Attributes) Authorization is used to configure authorization of end user and traffic. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--internal_servers--authorization))
- `clusters` (Attributes List) The destination clusters that contain ingress gateways exposing the hostname. If omitted, traffic will be automatically load balanced across all tier2 clusters whose ingress gateways expose the above hostname. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--internal_servers--clusters))

<a id="nestedatt--internal_servers--authentication"></a>
### Nested Schema for `internal_servers.authentication`

Optional:

- `jwt` (Attributes) Authenticate an HTTP request from a JWT Token attached to it. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--internal_servers--authentication--jwt))
- `oidc` (Attributes) Authenticate an HTTP request using an external OIDC provider (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--internal_servers--authentication--oidc))
- `require_jwt` (Attributes) If set to true, JWT authentication is mandatory and enforced with strict validation. Requests without a valid JWT token will be rejected with a 401 (Unauthorized) error. This field ONLY applies when JWT authentication is configured (via 'jwt' or 'rules'). It is IGNORED when OIDC is configured. Behavior when JWT is configured: - When false (default): JWT tokens are optional, but if provided, they must be valid.  Requests without tokens are allowed to pass through. - When true: All requests must have a valid JWT token from one of the configured providers, otherwise they receive a 401 response.   Note that to use this feature xcp.enable_jwt_authentication_require_jwt_token_setting needs to be set to true on controlplane CR. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--internal_servers--authentication--require_jwt))
- `rules` (Attributes) List of rules how to authenticate an HTTP request. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--internal_servers--authentication--rules))

<a id="nestedatt--internal_servers--authentication--jwt"></a>
### Nested Schema for `internal_servers.authentication.jwt`

Required:

- `issuer` (String) Identifies the issuer that issued the JWT. See [issuer](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7519#section-4.1.1) A JWT with different `iss` claim will be rejected. Example: https://foobar.auth0.com Example: 1234567-compute@developer.gserviceaccount.com

Optional:

- `audiences` (List of String) The list of JWT [audiences](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7519#section-4.1.3). that are allowed to access. A JWT containing any of these audiences will be accepted. The service name will be accepted if audiences is empty.
- `from_cookies` (List of String) List of cookie names from which JWT is expected. For example, if config is:  fromCookies:  - auth-token Then JWT will be extracted from auth-token cookie in the request. Note: Requests with multiple tokens (at different locations) are not supported. The behaviour of authorization policies when there is more than one user identity is undefined
- `from_headers` (Attributes List) This field specifies the locations to extract JWT token. If no explicit location is specified the following default locations are tried in order:     1) The Authorization header using the Bearer schema,        e.g. Authorization: Bearer <token>. (see        [Authorization Request Header        Field](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6750#section-2.1))     2) The `access_token` query parameter (see     [URI Query Parameter](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6750#section-2.3)) List of header locations from which JWT is expected. For example, below is the location spec if JWT is expected to be found in `x-jwt-assertion` header, and have `Bearer ` prefix: ```yaml   fromHeaders:   - name: x-jwt-assertion     prefix: "Bearer " ``` Note: Multiple tokens present on the same request are not supported.  The behaviour of authorization policies when there is more than one user identity is undefined (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--internal_servers--authentication--jwt--from_headers))
- `jwks` (String) JSON Web Key Set of public keys to validate signature of the JWT. See https://auth0.com/docs/jwks. Note: Only one of jwks_uri and jwks should be used. jwks_uri will be ignored if it does.
- `jwks_uri` (String) URL of the provider's public key set to validate signature of the JWT. See [OpenID Discovery](https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-discovery-1_0.html#ProviderMetadata). Optional if the key set document can either (a) be retrieved from [OpenID Discovery](https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-discovery-1_0.html) of the issuer or (b) inferred from the email domain of the issuer (e.g. a Google service account). Example: `https://www.googleapis.com/oauth2/v1/certs` Note: Only one of jwks_uri and jwks should be used. jwks_uri will be ignored if it does.
- `output_claim_to_headers` (Attributes List) This field specifies a list of operations to copy the claim to HTTP headers on a successfully verified token. This differs from the `output_payload_to_header` by allowing outputting individual claims instead of the whole payload. Only claims of type string, boolean, and integer are supported. Array type claims are not supported at this time. The header specified in each operation in the list must be unique. Nested claims of type string/int/bool is supported as well. ```   outputClaimToHeaders:   - header: x-my-company-jwt-group     claim: my-group   - header: x-test-environment-flag     claim: test-flag   - header: x-jwt-claim-group     claim: nested.key.group ``` [Experimental] This feature is a experimental feature. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--internal_servers--authentication--jwt--output_claim_to_headers))
- `output_payload_to_header` (String) This field specifies the header name to output a successfully verified JWT payload to the backend. The forwarded data is `base64_encoded(jwt_payload_in_JSON)`. If it is not specified, the payload will not be emitted.

<a id="nestedatt--internal_servers--authentication--jwt--from_headers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `internal_servers.authentication.jwt.from_headers`

Required:

- `name` (String) The HTTP header name.

Optional:

- `prefix` (String) The prefix that should be stripped before decoding the token. For example, for `Authorization: Bearer <token>`, prefix=`Bearer ` with a space at the end. If the header doesn't have this exact prefix, it is considered invalid.


<a id="nestedatt--internal_servers--authentication--jwt--output_claim_to_headers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `internal_servers.authentication.jwt.output_claim_to_headers`

Required:

- `claim` (String) The name of the claim to be copied from. Only claim of type string/int/bool is supported. The header will not be there if the claim does not exist or the type of the claim is not supported.
- `header` (String) The name of the header to be created. The header will be overridden if it already exists in the request.



<a id="nestedatt--internal_servers--authentication--oidc"></a>
### Nested Schema for `internal_servers.authentication.oidc`

Required:

- `client_id` (String) The client_id to be used in the authorize calls. This value will be URL encoded when sent to the OAuth server.
- `client_token_secret` (String) The name of the Kubernetes secret containing the client secret. Kubernetes generic opaque secret should contain `istio_generic_secret` key with base64 encoded client_secret as value.  For example --- apiVersion: v1 metadata:   name: bar   namespace: foo data:   istio_generic_secret: e2Jhc2U2NF9lbmNvZGVkX3Rva2VuX3NlY3JldH0= kind: Secret type: Opaque The secret must be present in the same namespace as the gateway or sidecar deployment for which the configuration is being applied for. The (gateway/ sidecar) deployment must also have RBAC permissions to view secrets in the current namespace. For gateways this is already configured, while for sidecar the permission should be added if not already present. The secret token stored will be URL encoded when sent to the OAuth server.
- `provider` (Attributes) The OIDC Provider configuration. If only `issuer` is provided, the config will be treated as `dynamic` and will be fetched from the well known endpoint. If more fields are configured, the configuration will be treated as `static` and thus should be complete. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--internal_servers--authentication--oidc--provider))
- `redirect_uri` (String) The redirect URI passed to the authorization endpoint It can also be formulated from request parameters For example: %REQ(x-forwarded-proto)%://%REQ(:authority)%/callback This URI should not contain any query parameters.

Optional:

- `auth_scopes` (List of String) Optional list of OAuth scopes to be claimed in the authorization request. If not specified, defaults to `user` scope. OAuth RFC https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6749#section-3.3
- `auth_type` (String) Defines how client_id and client_secret are sent in OAuth client to OAuth server requests. RFC https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc6749#section-2.3.1
- `grant_type` (String) Configure the [authorization grant type to be used](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc6749#section-1.3)
- `redirect_path_matcher` (String) Matching criteria used to determine whether a path appears to be the result of a redirect from the authorization server. The query and fragment string (if present) are removed in the URL path portion. For example, the path `/data` will match URI header `/data#fragment?param=value`. If not provided, default is derived from redirect_uri path Only exact match is configurable
- `signout_path` (String) The path to sign a user out, clearing their credential cookies. If not provided, default is `/signout` Only exact match is configurable
- `use_refresh_token` (Attributes) Enable automatic access token refresh using associated refresh token [(see RFC 6749 section 6)](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc6749#section-6) provided that the OAuth server supports that. If not set defaults to `true`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--internal_servers--authentication--oidc--use_refresh_token))

<a id="nestedatt--internal_servers--authentication--oidc--provider"></a>
### Nested Schema for `internal_servers.authentication.oidc.provider`

Required:

- `issuer` (String) The OIDC Provider's [issuer identifier](https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-discovery-1_0.html#IssuerDiscovery).

Optional:

- `authorization_endpoint` (String) The OIDC Provider's [authorization endpoint](https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-core-1_0.html#AuthorizationEndpoint). If not provided, it will be discovered from the provider's [Well-Known Configuration Endpoint](https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-discovery-1_0.html#ProviderConfigurationResponse).
- `jwks` (String) JSON string with the OIDC provider's JSON Web Key Sets. In general the URI for the Key Set is the preferred method for configuring JWKS. This setting is provided in case the provider doesn't publish JWKS via a public URI.
- `jwks_uri` (String) URI for the OIDC provider's JSON Web Key Sets. This can be found in the OIDC provider's configuration response. The JWKS are used for token verification.
- `tls` (Attributes) The TLS settings used by the clients to connect with the OIDC provider. If only the OIDC provider Issuer is specified, TSB will fetch the well-known configuration using the specified TLS settings. Proxies will be configured to verify the TLS certificates provided by the OIDC provider using the CA cert provided in TLS settings. If TLS settings are not defined, TSB uses the system default CA certificates to fetch the well-known configuration and proxies will not validate the TLS certificates provided by the OIDC provider. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--internal_servers--authentication--oidc--provider--tls))
- `token_endpoint` (String) The OIDC Provider's [token endpoint](https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-core-1_0.html#TokenEndpoint). If not provided, it will be discovered from the provider's [Well-Known Configuration Endpoint](https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-discovery-1_0.html#ProviderConfigurationResponse).

<a id="nestedatt--internal_servers--authentication--oidc--provider--tls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `internal_servers.authentication.oidc.provider.tls`

Optional:

- `files` (Attributes) TLS key source from files. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--internal_servers--authentication--oidc--provider--tls--files))
- `mode` (String) Set this to DISABLED to disable TLS (not recommended from the security perspective), SIMPLE for one-way TLS and MUTUAL for mutual TLS (where client is required to present its certificate as well)
- `secret_name` (String) TLS key source from a Kubernetes Secret. This is applicable for gateway workloads.
- `subject_alt_names` (List of String) Subject alternative names is the list of names that are accepted as service name as part of TLS handshake

<a id="nestedatt--internal_servers--authentication--oidc--provider--tls--files"></a>
### Nested Schema for `internal_servers.authentication.oidc.provider.tls.files`

Optional:

- `ca_certificates` (String) File containing CA certificates to verify the certificates presented by the server. This is mandatory for both simple and mutual TLS. Here are some common paths for the system CA bundle on Linux and can be specified here if the server certificate is signed by a well known authority, already part of the system CA bundle on the host -    /etc/ssl/certs/ca-certificates.crt (Debian/Ubuntu/Gentoo etc.)   /etc/pki/ca-trust/extracted/pem/tls-ca-bundle.pem (CentOS/RHEL 7)   /etc/pki/tls/certs/ca-bundle.crt (Fedora/RHEL 6)
- `client_certificate` (String) Certificate file to authenticate the client. This is mandatory for mutual TLS and must not be specified for simple (one-way) TLS
- `private_key` (String) Private key file associated with the client certificate. This is mandatory for mutual TLS and must not be specified for simple TLS




<a id="nestedatt--internal_servers--authentication--oidc--use_refresh_token"></a>
### Nested Schema for `internal_servers.authentication.oidc.use_refresh_token`

Optional:

- `value` (Boolean) The bool value.



<a id="nestedatt--internal_servers--authentication--require_jwt"></a>
### Nested Schema for `internal_servers.authentication.require_jwt`

Optional:

- `value` (Boolean) The bool value.


<a id="nestedatt--internal_servers--authentication--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `internal_servers.authentication.rules`

Optional:

- `jwt` (Attributes List) List of rules how to authenticate an HTTP request from a JWT Token attached to it. A JWT Token, if present in the HTTP request, must satisfy one of the rules defined here. The order in which rules are being checked at runtime might differ from the order in which they are defined here. If the JWT Token doesn't satisfy any of the rules, the request will be rejected. If the JWT Token does satisfy one of the rules, the identity of the request will be extracted from the JWT Token. Notice that an HTTP request without a JWT Token attached to it will NOT be rejected based on the rules defined here. Remember to define HTTP request authorization settings to achieve that. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--internal_servers--authentication--rules--jwt))

<a id="nestedatt--internal_servers--authentication--rules--jwt"></a>
### Nested Schema for `internal_servers.authentication.rules.jwt`

Required:

- `issuer` (String) Identifies the issuer that issued the JWT. See [issuer](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7519#section-4.1.1) A JWT with different `iss` claim will be rejected. Example: https://foobar.auth0.com Example: 1234567-compute@developer.gserviceaccount.com

Optional:

- `audiences` (List of String) The list of JWT [audiences](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7519#section-4.1.3). that are allowed to access. A JWT containing any of these audiences will be accepted. The service name will be accepted if audiences is empty.
- `from_cookies` (List of String) List of cookie names from which JWT is expected. For example, if config is:  fromCookies:  - auth-token Then JWT will be extracted from auth-token cookie in the request. Note: Requests with multiple tokens (at different locations) are not supported. The behaviour of authorization policies when there is more than one user identity is undefined
- `from_headers` (Attributes List) This field specifies the locations to extract JWT token. If no explicit location is specified the following default locations are tried in order:     1) The Authorization header using the Bearer schema,        e.g. Authorization: Bearer <token>. (see        [Authorization Request Header        Field](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6750#section-2.1))     2) The `access_token` query parameter (see     [URI Query Parameter](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6750#section-2.3)) List of header locations from which JWT is expected. For example, below is the location spec if JWT is expected to be found in `x-jwt-assertion` header, and have `Bearer ` prefix: ```yaml   fromHeaders:   - name: x-jwt-assertion     prefix: "Bearer " ``` Note: Multiple tokens present on the same request are not supported.  The behaviour of authorization policies when there is more than one user identity is undefined (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--internal_servers--authentication--rules--jwt--from_headers))
- `jwks` (String) JSON Web Key Set of public keys to validate signature of the JWT. See https://auth0.com/docs/jwks. Note: Only one of jwks_uri and jwks should be used. jwks_uri will be ignored if it does.
- `jwks_uri` (String) URL of the provider's public key set to validate signature of the JWT. See [OpenID Discovery](https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-discovery-1_0.html#ProviderMetadata). Optional if the key set document can either (a) be retrieved from [OpenID Discovery](https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-discovery-1_0.html) of the issuer or (b) inferred from the email domain of the issuer (e.g. a Google service account). Example: `https://www.googleapis.com/oauth2/v1/certs` Note: Only one of jwks_uri and jwks should be used. jwks_uri will be ignored if it does.
- `output_claim_to_headers` (Attributes List) This field specifies a list of operations to copy the claim to HTTP headers on a successfully verified token. This differs from the `output_payload_to_header` by allowing outputting individual claims instead of the whole payload. Only claims of type string, boolean, and integer are supported. Array type claims are not supported at this time. The header specified in each operation in the list must be unique. Nested claims of type string/int/bool is supported as well. ```   outputClaimToHeaders:   - header: x-my-company-jwt-group     claim: my-group   - header: x-test-environment-flag     claim: test-flag   - header: x-jwt-claim-group     claim: nested.key.group ``` [Experimental] This feature is a experimental feature. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--internal_servers--authentication--rules--jwt--output_claim_to_headers))
- `output_payload_to_header` (String) This field specifies the header name to output a successfully verified JWT payload to the backend. The forwarded data is `base64_encoded(jwt_payload_in_JSON)`. If it is not specified, the payload will not be emitted.

<a id="nestedatt--internal_servers--authentication--rules--jwt--from_headers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `internal_servers.authentication.rules.jwt.from_headers`

Required:

- `name` (String) The HTTP header name.

Optional:

- `prefix` (String) The prefix that should be stripped before decoding the token. For example, for `Authorization: Bearer <token>`, prefix=`Bearer ` with a space at the end. If the header doesn't have this exact prefix, it is considered invalid.


<a id="nestedatt--internal_servers--authentication--rules--jwt--output_claim_to_headers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `internal_servers.authentication.rules.jwt.output_claim_to_headers`

Required:

- `claim` (String) The name of the claim to be copied from. Only claim of type string/int/bool is supported. The header will not be there if the claim does not exist or the type of the claim is not supported.
- `header` (String) The name of the header to be created. The header will be overridden if it already exists in the request.





<a id="nestedatt--internal_servers--authorization"></a>
### Nested Schema for `internal_servers.authorization`

Optional:

- `external` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--internal_servers--authorization--external))
- `local` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--internal_servers--authorization--local))

<a id="nestedatt--internal_servers--authorization--external"></a>
### Nested Schema for `internal_servers.authorization.external`

Optional:

- `allowed_upstream_headers` (List of String) List of headers from the authorization service that should be added or overridden in the original request and forwarded to the upstream when the authorization check result is allowed (HTTP code 200). If not specified, the original request will not be modified and forwarded to backend as-is. Note, any existing headers will be overridden. Exact, prefix and suffix matches are supported - Exact match: "abc" will match on value "abc". - Prefix match: "abc*" will match on value "abc" and "abcd". - Suffix match: "*abc" will match on value "abc" and "xabc".
- `include_request_headers` (List of String)
- `path_prefix` (String) Sets a prefix to the value of authorization request header Path. For example, if the value of this field is "/foo", the value of the authorization request header Path will be "/foo/<original_path>".
- `timeout` (Attributes) Timeout controls how long the proxy waits for the external authorization backend to respond. If unset, TSB defaults to 1s. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--internal_servers--authorization--external--timeout))
- `tls` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--internal_servers--authorization--external--tls))
- `uri` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--internal_servers--authorization--external--timeout"></a>
### Nested Schema for `internal_servers.authorization.external.timeout`

Optional:

- `nanos` (Number) Signed fractions of a second at nanosecond resolution of the span of time. Durations less than one second are represented with a 0 `seconds` field and a positive or negative `nanos` field. For durations of one second or more, a non-zero value for the `nanos` field must be of the same sign as the `seconds` field. Must be from -999,999,999 to +999,999,999 inclusive.
- `seconds` (Number) Signed seconds of the span of time. Must be from -315,576,000,000 to +315,576,000,000 inclusive. Note: these bounds are computed from: 60 sec/min * 60 min/hr * 24 hr/day * 365.25 days/year * 10000 years


<a id="nestedatt--internal_servers--authorization--external--tls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `internal_servers.authorization.external.tls`

Optional:

- `files` (Attributes) TLS key source from files. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--internal_servers--authorization--external--tls--files))
- `mode` (String) Set this to DISABLED to disable TLS (not recommended from the security perspective), SIMPLE for one-way TLS and MUTUAL for mutual TLS (where client is required to present its certificate as well)
- `secret_name` (String) TLS key source from a Kubernetes Secret. This is applicable for gateway workloads.
- `subject_alt_names` (List of String) Subject alternative names is the list of names that are accepted as service name as part of TLS handshake

<a id="nestedatt--internal_servers--authorization--external--tls--files"></a>
### Nested Schema for `internal_servers.authorization.external.tls.files`

Optional:

- `ca_certificates` (String) File containing CA certificates to verify the certificates presented by the server. This is mandatory for both simple and mutual TLS. Here are some common paths for the system CA bundle on Linux and can be specified here if the server certificate is signed by a well known authority, already part of the system CA bundle on the host -    /etc/ssl/certs/ca-certificates.crt (Debian/Ubuntu/Gentoo etc.)   /etc/pki/ca-trust/extracted/pem/tls-ca-bundle.pem (CentOS/RHEL 7)   /etc/pki/tls/certs/ca-bundle.crt (Fedora/RHEL 6)
- `client_certificate` (String) Certificate file to authenticate the client. This is mandatory for mutual TLS and must not be specified for simple (one-way) TLS
- `private_key` (String) Private key file associated with the client certificate. This is mandatory for mutual TLS and must not be specified for simple TLS




<a id="nestedatt--internal_servers--authorization--local"></a>
### Nested Schema for `internal_servers.authorization.local`

Optional:

- `rules` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--internal_servers--authorization--local--rules))

<a id="nestedatt--internal_servers--authorization--local--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `internal_servers.authorization.local.rules`

Required:

- `name` (String) A friendly name to identify the binding.

Optional:

- `from` (Attributes List) Subjects configure the actors (end users, other services)  that are allowed to access the target resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--internal_servers--authorization--local--rules--from))
- `to` (Attributes List) A set of HTTP rules that need to be satisfied by the HTTP requests to get access to the target resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--internal_servers--authorization--local--rules--to))

<a id="nestedatt--internal_servers--authorization--local--rules--from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `internal_servers.authorization.local.rules.from`

Optional:

- `jwt` (Attributes) JWT configuration to identity the subject. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--internal_servers--authorization--local--rules--from--jwt))

<a id="nestedatt--internal_servers--authorization--local--rules--from--jwt"></a>
### Nested Schema for `internal_servers.authorization.local.rules.from.jwt`

Optional:

- `iss` (String)
- `other` (Map of String) A set of arbitrary claims that are required to qualify the subject. E.g. "iss": "*@foo.com".
- `sub` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--internal_servers--authorization--local--rules--to"></a>
### Nested Schema for `internal_servers.authorization.local.rules.to`

Optional:

- `methods` (List of String) The HTTP methods that are allowed by this rule. E.g. ["GET", "HEAD"].
- `paths` (List of String) The request path where the request is made against. E.g. ["/accounts"].





<a id="nestedatt--internal_servers--clusters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `internal_servers.clusters`

Optional:

- `labels` (Map of String) Labels associated with the cluster. Any cluster with matching labels will be selected as a target. Only one of name or labels must be specified.
- `name` (String) The name of the destination cluster. Only one of name or labels must be specified.
- `network` (String) The network associated with the destination clusters. In addition to name/label selectors, only clusters matching the selected networks will be used as a target. At least one of name/labels, and/or network must be specified. Deprecated: The `network` field is deprecated and will be removed in future releases. Only `labels` matching against the cluster object is supported.
- `weight` (Number) The weight for traffic to a given destination.



<a id="nestedatt--passthrough_servers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `passthrough_servers`

Required:

- `hostname` (String) Hostname with which the service can be expected to be accessed by clients.
- `name` (String) A name assigned to the server. The name will be visible in the generated metrics. The name must be unique across all external servers in the gateway.
- `port` (Number) The port where the server is exposed. Note that port 15443 is reserved.

Optional:

- `clusters` (Attributes List) The destination clusters that contain ingress gateways exposing the hostname on passthrough servers. If omitted, traffic will be automatically load balanced across all tier2 clusters whose ingress gateways expose the above hostname. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--passthrough_servers--clusters))

<a id="nestedatt--passthrough_servers--clusters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `passthrough_servers.clusters`

Optional:

- `labels` (Map of String) Labels associated with the cluster. Any cluster with matching labels will be selected as a target. Only one of name or labels must be specified.
- `name` (String) The name of the destination cluster. Only one of name or labels must be specified.
- `network` (String) The network associated with the destination clusters. In addition to name/label selectors, only clusters matching the selected networks will be used as a target. At least one of name/labels, and/or network must be specified. Deprecated: The `network` field is deprecated and will be removed in future releases. Only `labels` matching against the cluster object is supported.
- `weight` (Number) The weight for traffic to a given destination.



<a id="nestedatt--tcp_external_servers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tcp_external_servers`

Required:

- `hostname` (String) Although hostname or authority does not make sense in the non-HTTP context, this is used to define the routing rules. Wildcard hostnames are not yet supported.
- `name` (String) A name assigned to the server. This name is used in the generated metrics. The name must be unique across all TCP servers in the gateway
- `port` (Number) The port where the server is exposed. Note that the port 15443 is reserved. Also beware of the conflict among the services using different protocols on the same port. The conflict occurs in the following scenarios 1. Using plaintext and TLS (passthrough/termination) 2. Mixing multiple protocols without TLS (HTTP and non-HTTP protocols like Kafka, Zookeeper etc) 3. Multiple non-HTTP protocols without TLS Valid scenarios (for same port, multiple services) 1. Multiple protocols (HTTP, non-HTTP) with TLS passthrough/termination 2. Multiple HTTP services 3. Single non-HTTP service without TLS Note on service port - If a service is exposed on port 6789 in the tier1 gateway, then it must be exposed on the same port with the same hostname (without wildcard) in the tier2 gateway as well.

Optional:

- `clusters` (Attributes List) The destination clusters contain ingress gateways exposing the service. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tcp_external_servers--clusters))
- `tls` (Attributes) TLS certificate information to terminate TLS. If passthrough is required, then please use `passthroughServers` to specify them. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tcp_external_servers--tls))

<a id="nestedatt--tcp_external_servers--clusters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tcp_external_servers.clusters`

Optional:

- `labels` (Map of String) Labels associated with the cluster. Any cluster with matching labels will be selected as a target. Only one of name or labels must be specified.
- `name` (String) The name of the destination cluster. Only one of name or labels must be specified.
- `network` (String) The network associated with the destination clusters. In addition to name/label selectors, only clusters matching the selected networks will be used as a target. At least one of name/labels, and/or network must be specified. Deprecated: The `network` field is deprecated and will be removed in future releases. Only `labels` matching against the cluster object is supported.
- `weight` (Number) The weight for traffic to a given destination.


<a id="nestedatt--tcp_external_servers--tls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tcp_external_servers.tls`

Optional:

- `cipher_suites` (List of String) List of cipher suites to be used for TLS connections. Examples of cipher suites: - "TLS_RSA_WITH_AES_256_CBC_SHA" - "TLS_ECDHE_RSA_WITH_AES_128_GCM_SHA256" - "TLS_DHE_RSA_WITH_AES_256_GCM_SHA384" - "TLS_ECDHE_ECDSA_WITH_AES_128_CBC_SHA256" - "TLS_RSA_WITH_3DES_EDE_CBC_SHA"
- `files` (Attributes) Load the keys and certificates from files accessible to the ingress gateway workload. Only one of secretName or files must be specified. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tcp_external_servers--tls--files))
- `max_protocol_version` (String) Set the maximum supported TLS protocol version. Valid options: TLS_AUTO, TLSV1_0, TLSV1_1, TLSV1_2, TLSV1_3.
- `min_protocol_version` (String) Set the minimum supported TLS protocol version. Valid options: TLS_AUTO, TLSV1_0, TLSV1_1, TLSV1_2, TLSV1_3.
- `mode` (String) Set this to SIMPLE, or MUTUAL for one-way TLS, mutual TLS respectively.
- `secret_name` (String) The name of the secret in Kubernetes that holds the TLS certs including the CA certificates. For Unified Gateway config, if the secret is in a different namespace than the gateway, it must be prefixed with the namespace in the format of <namespace>/<secret_name>. For all other gateway types, the secret must be in the same namespace as the gateway resource. The secret (type generic) should contain the following keys and values: key: `<privateKey>`, cert: `<serverCert>`, cacert: `<CACertificate>`.
- `subject_alt_names` (List of String) List of Subject Alternative Names (SAN) from the client's certificate that are accepted for client identity verification during the TLS handshake.

<a id="nestedatt--tcp_external_servers--tls--files"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tcp_external_servers.tls.files`

Optional:

- `ca_certificates` (String) The path to the file containing ca certs for verifying clients while using mutual TLS
- `private_key` (String) The path to the server private key file
- `server_certificate` (String) The path to the server cert file




<a id="nestedatt--tcp_internal_servers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tcp_internal_servers`

Required:

- `hostname` (String) The name of the service used. Although hostname or authority does not make sense in the non-HTTP context, this is used for the multicluster routing purposes. Consider the case where there are two non-HTTP services listening on the same port 6000, but are hosted on different workloads. Here, the service name is used to distinguish between the two for routing to the correct workload. We do not support wildcard hostnames yet. The ports are determined automatically by the cluster updates of the remote edge clusters. Suppose there is a service called `foo.com` and the remote cluster says that it exposes ports 8080 and 8443, then we can route east-west traffic for both the ports through this server. The changes to the port or protocol settings are picked up automatically.
- `name` (String) A name assigned to the server. This name is used in the generated metrics. The name must be unique across all TCP servers in the gateway.

Optional:

- `clusters` (Attributes List) The destination clusters contain ingress gateways exposing the service. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tcp_internal_servers--clusters))

<a id="nestedatt--tcp_internal_servers--clusters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tcp_internal_servers.clusters`

Optional:

- `labels` (Map of String) Labels associated with the cluster. Any cluster with matching labels will be selected as a target. Only one of name or labels must be specified.
- `name` (String) The name of the destination cluster. Only one of name or labels must be specified.
- `network` (String) The network associated with the destination clusters. In addition to name/label selectors, only clusters matching the selected networks will be used as a target. At least one of name/labels, and/or network must be specified. Deprecated: The `network` field is deprecated and will be removed in future releases. Only `labels` matching against the cluster object is supported.
- `weight` (Number) The weight for traffic to a given destination.



<a id="nestedatt--waf"></a>
### Nested Schema for `waf`

Required:

- `rules` (List of String) Rules to be leveraged by WAF. The parser evaluates the list of rules from the top to the bottom.
