---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "tsb_gateway_shared_gateway_reference_grant Resource - terraform-provider-tsb"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# tsb_gateway_shared_gateway_reference_grant (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `from` (Attributes) The fully-qualified name of the resource that is being granted access to the shared Gateway. This can be a Tenant, Workspace or a Gateway Group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--from))
- `gateway_selectors` (Attributes List) A list of Gateway Selectors that specify which Gateways are being shared. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--gateway_selectors))
- `name` (String) Short name of the SharedGatewayReferenceGrant resource.
- `parent` (String) The parent id for the SharedGatewayReferenceGrant resource.

### Optional

- `description` (String) A description of the resource.
- `display_name` (String) User friendly name for the resource.
- `update_protection_enabled` (Boolean) When set, prevents the resource from being deleted or updated. In order to delete or update the resource this property needs to be set to `false` first.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Fully-qualified name of the SharedGatewayReferenceGrant resource.

<a id="nestedatt--from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `from`


<a id="nestedatt--gateway_selectors"></a>
### Nested Schema for `gateway_selectors`

Optional:

- `app_label_selector` (Attributes) AppLabelSelector specifies the app label and namespace of the Gateway to be shared. This is used to select Gateways with a specific app label and namespace within the same Workspace or Gateway Group as the SharedGatewayReferenceGrant. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--gateway_selectors--app_label_selector))
- `name_selector` (Attributes) NameSelector specifies the name of the Gateway to be shared in the same Workspace or Gateway Group as the SharedGatewayReferenceGrant. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--gateway_selectors--name_selector))

<a id="nestedatt--gateway_selectors--app_label_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `gateway_selectors.app_label_selector`

Required:

- `app_label` (String) The app label and namespace of the Gateway to be shared.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the Gateway to be shared.


<a id="nestedatt--gateway_selectors--name_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `gateway_selectors.name_selector`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the Gateway to be shared. This is the name of the Gateway resource in the same Workspace or Gateway Group as the SharedGatewayReferenceGrant.
