---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "tsb_istio_gateway_request_authentication Resource - terraform-provider-tsb"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# tsb_istio_gateway_request_authentication (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Short name of the IstioObject resource.
- `parent` (String) The parent id for the IstioObject resource.

### Optional

- `display_name` (String) User friendly name for the resource.
- `metadata` (Attributes) Metadata for the Istio object (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `spec` (String) The Istio API object

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Fully-qualified name of the IstioObject resource.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `api_version` (String) networking.istio.io/v1beta1, security.istio.io/v1beta1, etc.
- `kind` (String) VirtualService, Gateway, DestinationRule, Sidecar, etc.

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Istio artifacts must contain 4 annotations: tsb.tetrate.io/organization, tsb.tetrate.io/tenant, tsb.tetrate.io/workspace, and one of tsb.tetrate.io/trafficGroup, tsb.tetrate.io/securityGroup, tsb.tetrate.io/gatewayGroup or tsb.tetrate.io/istioInternalGroup
- `labels` (Map of String) User specified labels to attach to the object.
- `name` (String) Short name associated with the object. The object name must be unique within the `kind` and the parent. For example, all workspaces under a tenant should have a unique name. Traffic groups under a workspace should have a unique name, while names are not required to be unique across traffic groups in different workspaces.
- `namespace` (String) Namespace where the Istio object applies.
