---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "tsb_organization Resource - terraform-provider-tsb"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# tsb_organization (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Short name of the Organization resource.
- `parent` (String) The parent id for the Organization resource.

### Optional

- `config_generation_metadata` (Attributes) Default metadata values that will be propagated to the children Istio generated configurations. When using YAML APIs like `tctl` or `gitops`, put them into the `metadata.labels` or `metadata.annotations` instead. This field is only necessary when using gRPC APIs directly. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config_generation_metadata))
- `deletion_protection_enabled` (Boolean) When set, prevents the resource from being deleted. In order to delete the resource this property needs to be set to `false` first.
- `description` (String) A description of the resource.
- `display_name` (String) User friendly name for the resource.
- `profiles` (List of String) List of profiles attached to the Organization to be used to propagate default and mandatory configurations down to the children.
- `system_namespaces` (List of String) List of namespaces that will be considered as system namespaces for the organization and will not be able to be onboarded into TSB. System namespaces are namespaces that should not have sidecars injected and don't be configured with Istio injection. This is useful for namespaces that are used for infrastructure components like monitoring, logging, cloud provider components, etc. and that should not be managed by TSB in the cluster namespace onboarding workflows.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Fully-qualified name of the Organization resource.

<a id="nestedatt--config_generation_metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config_generation_metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Set of key value paris that will be added into the `metadata.annotations` field of the Istio generated configurations.
- `labels` (Map of String) Set of key value paris that will be added into the `metadata.labels` field of the Istio generated configurations.
