---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "tsb_rbac_role Resource - terraform-provider-tsb"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# tsb_rbac_role (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Short name of the Role resource.
- `parent` (String) The parent id for the Role resource.

### Optional

- `description` (String) A description of the resource.
- `display_name` (String) User friendly name for the resource.
- `rules` (Attributes List) A set of rules that define the permissions associated with each API group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Fully-qualified name of the Role resource.

<a id="nestedatt--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules`

Required:

- `permissions` (List of String) The set of actions allowed for these APIs. The current version supports requires the kind, but this constraint will be relaxed in upcoming releases so that rules can apply globally to an entire API group.

Optional:

- `types` (Attributes List) The set of API groups and the api Kinds within the group on which this rule is applicable. If omitted, the permissions will globally apply to all resource types. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--types))

<a id="nestedatt--rules--types"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.types`

Required:

- `api_group` (String) A specific API group such as traffic.tsb.tetrate.io/v2.

Optional:

- `kinds` (List of String) Specific kinds of APIs under the API group. If omitted, the role will apply to all kinds under the group.
- `scoped_at` (Attributes List) The list of parent types where the defined kinds will be scoped under. If omitted, no scope limitation is applied. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--types--scoped_at))

<a id="nestedatt--rules--types--scoped_at"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.types.scoped_at`

Required:

- `api_group` (String) A specific API group such as traffic.tsb.tetrate.io/v2.
- `kind` (String) Specific kind of API under the API group.
