---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "tsb_security_service_security_setting Resource - terraform-provider-tsb"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# tsb_security_service_security_setting (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Short name of the ServiceSecuritySetting resource.
- `parent` (String) The parent id for the ServiceSecuritySetting resource.
- `service` (String) The service on which the configuration is being applied. Must be in namespace/FQDN format.

### Optional

- `config_generation_metadata` (Attributes) Metadata values that will be add into the Istio generated configurations. When using YAML APIs like `tctl` or `gitops`, put them into the `metadata.labels` or `metadata.annotations` instead. This field is only necessary when using gRPC APIs directly. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config_generation_metadata))
- `description` (String) A description of the resource.
- `display_name` (String) User friendly name for the resource.
- `settings` (Attributes) Security settings to apply to this service. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--settings))
- `subsets` (Attributes List) Subset specific settings that will replace the service wide settings for the specified service subsets. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--subsets))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Fully-qualified name of the ServiceSecuritySetting resource.

<a id="nestedatt--config_generation_metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config_generation_metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Set of key value paris that will be added into the `metadata.annotations` field of the Istio generated configurations.
- `labels` (Map of String) Set of key value paris that will be added into the `metadata.labels` field of the Istio generated configurations.


<a id="nestedatt--settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings`

Optional:

- `authentication` (String) DEPRECATED: Specifies whether the proxy workloads should accept only mutual TLS authenticated traffic or allow legacy plaintext traffic as well. This field is deprecated in favor of `authentication_settings` and will be removed in the future release
- `authentication_settings` (Attributes) Authentication settings is used to set workload-to-workload traffic and end-user/origin authentication configuration. Authentication settings is affected by the security setting's defined propagation strategy. If `STRICTER` is used the most restrictive AuthenticationSettings traffic mode along the configuration hierarchy will prevail. AuthenticationSettings traffic mode can only be changed from `UNSET` to `OPTIONAL` to `REQUIRED`. Authentication settings http will use replace propagation strategy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--settings--authentication_settings))
- `authorization` (Attributes) The set of service accounts in one or more namespaces allowed or denied to access a workload (and hence its sidecar) in the mesh. Authorization is affected by the security setting's defined propagation strategy. If `STRICTER` is used the most restrictive AuthorizationSettings mode along the configuration hierarchy will prevail. AuthorizationSettings mode can only be changed from `UNSET` to `DISABLED` to `CLUSTER` to `WORKSPACE` to `NAMESPACE` to `GROUP` to `RULES` to `CUSTOM`. Restricting two `CUSTOM` AuthorizationSettings is a special case. A service account is considered stricter if it belongs to the same namespace and it has a concrete service account other than a wildcard. Hence, the only possibilities to restrict service accounts is from "ns/\*" to "ns/svc1-sa". When two lists of service accounts are compared (a parent and a child list) only the service accounts from the child list that are stricter (following the previously mentioned rules) or equal to any of the parent defined service accounts will be used. If none of the children's service accounts is stricter or equal, then the parent defined list will be used. For instance, a parent defines "ns/\*", "ns2/svc-sa", and "./\*" service accounts, whereas a child defines "ns/svc1-sa", "ns3/svc-sa", and "./*". The effective strictest list will be "ns/svc1-sa", and "./*". "ns3/svc2-sa" is discarded because it will extend the set of service accounts allowed to access the workload/s, as parent's defined service accounts does not include "ns3/*" or "ns3/svc2-sa". Restricting two `rules` AuthorizationSettings is also a special case. To consider a `rules` stricter, both allowed and denied rules list need to be considered as stricter. Allowed rules can only be refined by subsets of the initial rule. Hence, you cannot allow more workloads, only less. For instance, if an allow rule **from** workspace `w1` **to** `w2` has been specified higher up in the hierarchy, it can only be refined with the same resource or lineage resources lower down in the resource hierarchy. Which means, if `w1` has a child security group `sg1`, only `sg1` and `w1` itself are considered as a stricter **from** resource target. In the same way, if `w2` has a child security group `sg2`, only `sg2` and `w2` itself are considered as a stricter **to** resource target. On the other hand, any provided list of denied rules lower down in the hierarchy, will be considered always stricter, because all ancestor's denied rules are also taken into consideration. Basically, stricter `rules` AuthorizationSettings can only allow the same or less, and/or deny more workloads. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--settings--authorization))
- `config_generation_metadata` (Attributes) Metadata values that will be add into the Istio generated configurations. When using YAML APIs like `tctl` or `gitops`, put them into the `metadata.labels` or `metadata.annotations` instead. This field is only necessary when using gRPC APIs directly. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--settings--config_generation_metadata))
- `description` (String) A description of the resource.
- `display_name` (String) User friendly name for the resource.
- `extension` (Attributes List) Extensions specifies all the WasmExtensions assigned to this SecuritySettings with the specific configuration for each extension. This custom configuration will override the one configured globally to the extension. Each extension has a global configuration including enabling and priority that will condition the execution of the assigned extensions. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--settings--extension))
- `propagation_strategy` (String) Propagation strategy specifies how a security setting is propagated along the configuration hierarchy. The default strategy is `REPLACE`. The propagation strategy from security settings can only be changed from `REPLACE` to `STRICTER` along the settings in the configuration hierarchy. Any security setting propagation strategy changed from the default one, higher up in the configuration hierarchy, will prevail over any other defined security setting propagation strategy further down in the configuration hierarchy. For instance, if an organization's default security setting propagation strategy is changed to `STRICTER`, a restrictive propagation strategy will be used at tenant, workspace default security settings and group security settings. `STRICTER` propagation strategy will be used even though, tenant, workspace or group security settings specifies a `REPLACE` propagation strategy. Security setting properties affected by the propagation strategy are: - Authorization - AuthenticationSettings - Extension All the other properties will use the default `REPLACE` propagation strategy. How each property affected by the propagation strategy will be restricted is explained in more detail at each property.
- `waf` (Attributes) NOTICE: this feature is in alpha stage and under active development. it would encounter breaking changes in further release and should not be adopted in production WAF settings is used to set firewall rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--settings--waf))

<a id="nestedatt--settings--authentication_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.authentication_settings`

Optional:

- `http` (Attributes) HTTP request authentication is used to configure authentication of origin/end-user credentials like JSON Web Token (JWT). It is highly recommended to set traffic authentication mode to REQUIRED so that it is transported only over mutual TLS (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--settings--authentication_settings--http))
- `traffic_mode` (String) Traffic authentication mode is used to specify if mTLS or plaintext traffic is accepted

<a id="nestedatt--settings--authentication_settings--http"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.authentication_settings.http`

Optional:

- `jwt` (Attributes) Authenticate an HTTP request from a JWT Token attached to it. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--settings--authentication_settings--http--jwt))
- `oidc` (Attributes) Authenticate an HTTP request using an external OIDC provider (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--settings--authentication_settings--http--oidc))
- `require_jwt` (Attributes) If set to true, JWT authentication is mandatory and enforced with strict validation. Requests without a valid JWT token will be rejected with a 401 (Unauthorized) error. This field ONLY applies when JWT authentication is configured (via 'jwt' or 'rules'). It is IGNORED when OIDC is configured. Behavior when JWT is configured: - When false (default): JWT tokens are optional, but if provided, they must be valid.  Requests without tokens are allowed to pass through. - When true: All requests must have a valid JWT token from one of the configured providers, otherwise they receive a 401 response.   Note that to use this feature xcp.enable_jwt_authentication_require_jwt_token_setting needs to be set to true on controlplane CR. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--settings--authentication_settings--http--require_jwt))
- `rules` (Attributes) List of rules how to authenticate an HTTP request. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--settings--authentication_settings--http--rules))

<a id="nestedatt--settings--authentication_settings--http--jwt"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.authentication_settings.http.jwt`

Required:

- `issuer` (String) Identifies the issuer that issued the JWT. See [issuer](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7519#section-4.1.1) A JWT with different `iss` claim will be rejected. Example: https://foobar.auth0.com Example: 1234567-compute@developer.gserviceaccount.com

Optional:

- `audiences` (List of String) The list of JWT [audiences](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7519#section-4.1.3). that are allowed to access. A JWT containing any of these audiences will be accepted. The service name will be accepted if audiences is empty.
- `from_cookies` (List of String) List of cookie names from which JWT is expected. For example, if config is:  fromCookies:  - auth-token Then JWT will be extracted from auth-token cookie in the request. Note: Requests with multiple tokens (at different locations) are not supported. The behaviour of authorization policies when there is more than one user identity is undefined
- `from_headers` (Attributes List) This field specifies the locations to extract JWT token. If no explicit location is specified the following default locations are tried in order:     1) The Authorization header using the Bearer schema,        e.g. Authorization: Bearer <token>. (see        [Authorization Request Header        Field](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6750#section-2.1))     2) The `access_token` query parameter (see     [URI Query Parameter](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6750#section-2.3)) List of header locations from which JWT is expected. For example, below is the location spec if JWT is expected to be found in `x-jwt-assertion` header, and have `Bearer ` prefix: ```yaml   fromHeaders:   - name: x-jwt-assertion     prefix: "Bearer " ``` Note: Multiple tokens present on the same request are not supported.  The behaviour of authorization policies when there is more than one user identity is undefined (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--settings--authentication_settings--http--jwt--from_headers))
- `jwks` (String) JSON Web Key Set of public keys to validate signature of the JWT. See https://auth0.com/docs/jwks. Note: Only one of jwks_uri and jwks should be used. jwks_uri will be ignored if it does.
- `jwks_uri` (String) URL of the provider's public key set to validate signature of the JWT. See [OpenID Discovery](https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-discovery-1_0.html#ProviderMetadata). Optional if the key set document can either (a) be retrieved from [OpenID Discovery](https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-discovery-1_0.html) of the issuer or (b) inferred from the email domain of the issuer (e.g. a Google service account). Example: `https://www.googleapis.com/oauth2/v1/certs` Note: Only one of jwks_uri and jwks should be used. jwks_uri will be ignored if it does.
- `output_claim_to_headers` (Attributes List) This field specifies a list of operations to copy the claim to HTTP headers on a successfully verified token. This differs from the `output_payload_to_header` by allowing outputting individual claims instead of the whole payload. Only claims of type string, boolean, and integer are supported. Array type claims are not supported at this time. The header specified in each operation in the list must be unique. Nested claims of type string/int/bool is supported as well. ```   outputClaimToHeaders:   - header: x-my-company-jwt-group     claim: my-group   - header: x-test-environment-flag     claim: test-flag   - header: x-jwt-claim-group     claim: nested.key.group ``` [Experimental] This feature is a experimental feature. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--settings--authentication_settings--http--jwt--output_claim_to_headers))
- `output_payload_to_header` (String) This field specifies the header name to output a successfully verified JWT payload to the backend. The forwarded data is `base64_encoded(jwt_payload_in_JSON)`. If it is not specified, the payload will not be emitted.

<a id="nestedatt--settings--authentication_settings--http--jwt--from_headers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.authentication_settings.http.jwt.from_headers`

Required:

- `name` (String) The HTTP header name.

Optional:

- `prefix` (String) The prefix that should be stripped before decoding the token. For example, for `Authorization: Bearer <token>`, prefix=`Bearer ` with a space at the end. If the header doesn't have this exact prefix, it is considered invalid.


<a id="nestedatt--settings--authentication_settings--http--jwt--output_claim_to_headers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.authentication_settings.http.jwt.output_claim_to_headers`

Required:

- `claim` (String) The name of the claim to be copied from. Only claim of type string/int/bool is supported. The header will not be there if the claim does not exist or the type of the claim is not supported.
- `header` (String) The name of the header to be created. The header will be overridden if it already exists in the request.



<a id="nestedatt--settings--authentication_settings--http--oidc"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.authentication_settings.http.oidc`

Required:

- `client_id` (String) The client_id to be used in the authorize calls. This value will be URL encoded when sent to the OAuth server.
- `client_token_secret` (String) The name of the Kubernetes secret containing the client secret. Kubernetes generic opaque secret should contain `istio_generic_secret` key with base64 encoded client_secret as value.  For example --- apiVersion: v1 metadata:   name: bar   namespace: foo data:   istio_generic_secret: e2Jhc2U2NF9lbmNvZGVkX3Rva2VuX3NlY3JldH0= kind: Secret type: Opaque The secret must be present in the same namespace as the gateway or sidecar deployment for which the configuration is being applied for. The (gateway/ sidecar) deployment must also have RBAC permissions to view secrets in the current namespace. For gateways this is already configured, while for sidecar the permission should be added if not already present. The secret token stored will be URL encoded when sent to the OAuth server.
- `provider` (Attributes) The OIDC Provider configuration. If only `issuer` is provided, the config will be treated as `dynamic` and will be fetched from the well known endpoint. If more fields are configured, the configuration will be treated as `static` and thus should be complete. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--settings--authentication_settings--http--oidc--provider))
- `redirect_uri` (String) The redirect URI passed to the authorization endpoint It can also be formulated from request parameters For example: %REQ(x-forwarded-proto)%://%REQ(:authority)%/callback This URI should not contain any query parameters.

Optional:

- `auth_scopes` (List of String) Optional list of OAuth scopes to be claimed in the authorization request. If not specified, defaults to `user` scope. OAuth RFC https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6749#section-3.3
- `auth_type` (String) Defines how client_id and client_secret are sent in OAuth client to OAuth server requests. RFC https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc6749#section-2.3.1
- `grant_type` (String) Configure the [authorization grant type to be used](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc6749#section-1.3)
- `redirect_path_matcher` (String) Matching criteria used to determine whether a path appears to be the result of a redirect from the authorization server. The query and fragment string (if present) are removed in the URL path portion. For example, the path `/data` will match URI header `/data#fragment?param=value`. If not provided, default is derived from redirect_uri path Only exact match is configurable
- `signout_path` (String) The path to sign a user out, clearing their credential cookies. If not provided, default is `/signout` Only exact match is configurable
- `use_refresh_token` (Attributes) Enable automatic access token refresh using associated refresh token [(see RFC 6749 section 6)](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc6749#section-6) provided that the OAuth server supports that. If not set defaults to `true`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--settings--authentication_settings--http--oidc--use_refresh_token))

<a id="nestedatt--settings--authentication_settings--http--oidc--provider"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.authentication_settings.http.oidc.provider`

Required:

- `issuer` (String) The OIDC Provider's [issuer identifier](https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-discovery-1_0.html#IssuerDiscovery).

Optional:

- `authorization_endpoint` (String) The OIDC Provider's [authorization endpoint](https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-core-1_0.html#AuthorizationEndpoint). If not provided, it will be discovered from the provider's [Well-Known Configuration Endpoint](https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-discovery-1_0.html#ProviderConfigurationResponse).
- `jwks` (String) JSON string with the OIDC provider's JSON Web Key Sets. In general the URI for the Key Set is the preferred method for configuring JWKS. This setting is provided in case the provider doesn't publish JWKS via a public URI.
- `jwks_uri` (String) URI for the OIDC provider's JSON Web Key Sets. This can be found in the OIDC provider's configuration response. The JWKS are used for token verification.
- `tls` (Attributes) The TLS settings used by the clients to connect with the OIDC provider. If only the OIDC provider Issuer is specified, TSB will fetch the well-known configuration using the specified TLS settings. Proxies will be configured to verify the TLS certificates provided by the OIDC provider using the CA cert provided in TLS settings. If TLS settings are not defined, TSB uses the system default CA certificates to fetch the well-known configuration and proxies will not validate the TLS certificates provided by the OIDC provider. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--settings--authentication_settings--http--oidc--provider--tls))
- `token_endpoint` (String) The OIDC Provider's [token endpoint](https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-core-1_0.html#TokenEndpoint). If not provided, it will be discovered from the provider's [Well-Known Configuration Endpoint](https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-discovery-1_0.html#ProviderConfigurationResponse).

<a id="nestedatt--settings--authentication_settings--http--oidc--provider--tls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.authentication_settings.http.oidc.provider.tls`

Optional:

- `files` (Attributes) TLS key source from files. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--settings--authentication_settings--http--oidc--provider--tls--files))
- `mode` (String) Set this to DISABLED to disable TLS (not recommended from the security perspective), SIMPLE for one-way TLS and MUTUAL for mutual TLS (where client is required to present its certificate as well)
- `secret_name` (String) TLS key source from a Kubernetes Secret. This is applicable for gateway workloads.
- `subject_alt_names` (List of String) Subject alternative names is the list of names that are accepted as service name as part of TLS handshake

<a id="nestedatt--settings--authentication_settings--http--oidc--provider--tls--files"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.authentication_settings.http.oidc.provider.tls.files`

Optional:

- `ca_certificates` (String) File containing CA certificates to verify the certificates presented by the server. This is mandatory for both simple and mutual TLS. Here are some common paths for the system CA bundle on Linux and can be specified here if the server certificate is signed by a well known authority, already part of the system CA bundle on the host -    /etc/ssl/certs/ca-certificates.crt (Debian/Ubuntu/Gentoo etc.)   /etc/pki/ca-trust/extracted/pem/tls-ca-bundle.pem (CentOS/RHEL 7)   /etc/pki/tls/certs/ca-bundle.crt (Fedora/RHEL 6)
- `client_certificate` (String) Certificate file to authenticate the client. This is mandatory for mutual TLS and must not be specified for simple (one-way) TLS
- `private_key` (String) Private key file associated with the client certificate. This is mandatory for mutual TLS and must not be specified for simple TLS




<a id="nestedatt--settings--authentication_settings--http--oidc--use_refresh_token"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.authentication_settings.http.oidc.use_refresh_token`

Optional:

- `value` (Boolean) The bool value.



<a id="nestedatt--settings--authentication_settings--http--require_jwt"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.authentication_settings.http.require_jwt`

Optional:

- `value` (Boolean) The bool value.


<a id="nestedatt--settings--authentication_settings--http--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.authentication_settings.http.rules`

Optional:

- `jwt` (Attributes List) List of rules how to authenticate an HTTP request from a JWT Token attached to it. A JWT Token, if present in the HTTP request, must satisfy one of the rules defined here. The order in which rules are being checked at runtime might differ from the order in which they are defined here. If the JWT Token doesn't satisfy any of the rules, the request will be rejected. If the JWT Token does satisfy one of the rules, the identity of the request will be extracted from the JWT Token. Notice that an HTTP request without a JWT Token attached to it will NOT be rejected based on the rules defined here. Remember to define HTTP request authorization settings to achieve that. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--settings--authentication_settings--http--rules--jwt))

<a id="nestedatt--settings--authentication_settings--http--rules--jwt"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.authentication_settings.http.rules.jwt`

Required:

- `issuer` (String) Identifies the issuer that issued the JWT. See [issuer](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7519#section-4.1.1) A JWT with different `iss` claim will be rejected. Example: https://foobar.auth0.com Example: 1234567-compute@developer.gserviceaccount.com

Optional:

- `audiences` (List of String) The list of JWT [audiences](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7519#section-4.1.3). that are allowed to access. A JWT containing any of these audiences will be accepted. The service name will be accepted if audiences is empty.
- `from_cookies` (List of String) List of cookie names from which JWT is expected. For example, if config is:  fromCookies:  - auth-token Then JWT will be extracted from auth-token cookie in the request. Note: Requests with multiple tokens (at different locations) are not supported. The behaviour of authorization policies when there is more than one user identity is undefined
- `from_headers` (Attributes List) This field specifies the locations to extract JWT token. If no explicit location is specified the following default locations are tried in order:     1) The Authorization header using the Bearer schema,        e.g. Authorization: Bearer <token>. (see        [Authorization Request Header        Field](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6750#section-2.1))     2) The `access_token` query parameter (see     [URI Query Parameter](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6750#section-2.3)) List of header locations from which JWT is expected. For example, below is the location spec if JWT is expected to be found in `x-jwt-assertion` header, and have `Bearer ` prefix: ```yaml   fromHeaders:   - name: x-jwt-assertion     prefix: "Bearer " ``` Note: Multiple tokens present on the same request are not supported.  The behaviour of authorization policies when there is more than one user identity is undefined (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--settings--authentication_settings--http--rules--jwt--from_headers))
- `jwks` (String) JSON Web Key Set of public keys to validate signature of the JWT. See https://auth0.com/docs/jwks. Note: Only one of jwks_uri and jwks should be used. jwks_uri will be ignored if it does.
- `jwks_uri` (String) URL of the provider's public key set to validate signature of the JWT. See [OpenID Discovery](https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-discovery-1_0.html#ProviderMetadata). Optional if the key set document can either (a) be retrieved from [OpenID Discovery](https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-discovery-1_0.html) of the issuer or (b) inferred from the email domain of the issuer (e.g. a Google service account). Example: `https://www.googleapis.com/oauth2/v1/certs` Note: Only one of jwks_uri and jwks should be used. jwks_uri will be ignored if it does.
- `output_claim_to_headers` (Attributes List) This field specifies a list of operations to copy the claim to HTTP headers on a successfully verified token. This differs from the `output_payload_to_header` by allowing outputting individual claims instead of the whole payload. Only claims of type string, boolean, and integer are supported. Array type claims are not supported at this time. The header specified in each operation in the list must be unique. Nested claims of type string/int/bool is supported as well. ```   outputClaimToHeaders:   - header: x-my-company-jwt-group     claim: my-group   - header: x-test-environment-flag     claim: test-flag   - header: x-jwt-claim-group     claim: nested.key.group ``` [Experimental] This feature is a experimental feature. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--settings--authentication_settings--http--rules--jwt--output_claim_to_headers))
- `output_payload_to_header` (String) This field specifies the header name to output a successfully verified JWT payload to the backend. The forwarded data is `base64_encoded(jwt_payload_in_JSON)`. If it is not specified, the payload will not be emitted.

<a id="nestedatt--settings--authentication_settings--http--rules--jwt--from_headers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.authentication_settings.http.rules.jwt.from_headers`

Required:

- `name` (String) The HTTP header name.

Optional:

- `prefix` (String) The prefix that should be stripped before decoding the token. For example, for `Authorization: Bearer <token>`, prefix=`Bearer ` with a space at the end. If the header doesn't have this exact prefix, it is considered invalid.


<a id="nestedatt--settings--authentication_settings--http--rules--jwt--output_claim_to_headers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.authentication_settings.http.rules.jwt.output_claim_to_headers`

Required:

- `claim` (String) The name of the claim to be copied from. Only claim of type string/int/bool is supported. The header will not be there if the claim does not exist or the type of the claim is not supported.
- `header` (String) The name of the header to be created. The header will be overridden if it already exists in the request.






<a id="nestedatt--settings--authorization"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.authorization`

Optional:

- `http` (Attributes) This is for configuring HTTP request authorization. Currently, we only support authorizing through an external backend/policy engine like OPA. Inline authorization rules for JWT are not yet supported for sidecars. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--settings--authorization--http))
- `identity_match` (String) identity_match specifies the strategy for client identity verification to be employed during the evaluation of authorization (authz) rules within the service. This field determines how the identity of a client is verified and utilized to make authz decisions, offering different levels of security and flexibility based on the chosen mode. Possible values for identity_match are: - SOURCE_IDENTITY: Enforces authz decisions based on the service identity propagated from the client. This mode   ensures that authz is evaluated strictly based on the explicit identity of the requesting service, suitable for   environments requiring high security and strict identity verification. - PEER_CERTIFICATE: Utilizes the SPIFFE ID from mTLS certificates for authz decisions. This mode is aligned with   certificate-based identity validation, providing a secure, cryptographic method of asserting service identities. - PERMISSIVE: Allows a flexible approach by accepting either SOURCE_IDENTITY or PEER_CERTIFICATE for authz evaluation.   This mode is designed for transitional environments or for easing upgrades, offering a broader compatibility with   different identity verification methods. If identity_match is not explicitly specified, the system defaults to the PERMISSIVE mode, allowing for a more inclusive evaluation of authz rules that accommodates various identity verification strategies. The use of this field is dependent upon the `enableHttpMeshInternalIdentityPropagation` feature being enabled in the Control plane's configuration resource (CR). When this feature is active, it allows for the propagation and recognition of HTTP mesh internal identities, enabling the specified identity_match mode to take effect. If the feature is disabled in the Control Plane CR, the system reverts to using PEER_CERTIFICATE mode for identity verification, relying solely on mTLS certificate identities for authz rule evaluation. This configuration offers flexibility in adapting the identity verification strategy to the specific security requirements and operational contexts of your environment, ensuring that authz rules are applied effectively and securely based on the desired identity verification method.
- `mode` (String) A short cut for specifying the set of allowed callers.
- `rules` (Attributes) When the mode is `RULES`, you can allow or deny workload-to-workload communication by specifying in the `rules` field which target workloads are allowed or denied to communicate with other target workloads. When the mode is `RULES`, if no authorization rules are provided all requests will be accepted. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--settings--authorization--rules))
- `service_accounts` (List of String) When the mode is `CUSTOM`, `serviceAccounts` specify the allowed set of service accounts (and the workloads using them). Must be in the `<namespace>/<service-account-name>` format. - `./*` indicates all service accounts in the namespace where the sidecar resides. - `ns1/*` indicates all service accounts in the `ns1` namespace. - `ns1/svc1-sa` indicates `svc1-sa` service account in `ns1` namespace. Namespace should be a valid kubernetes namespace, which follows [RFC 1123 Label Names](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#dns-label-names) rules. Service account should be a valid kubernetes service account, which follows [DNS Subdomain Names](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#dns-subdomain-names) rules.

<a id="nestedatt--settings--authorization--http"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.authorization.http`

Optional:

- `external` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--settings--authorization--http--external))
- `local` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--settings--authorization--http--local))

<a id="nestedatt--settings--authorization--http--external"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.authorization.http.external`

Optional:

- `allowed_upstream_headers` (List of String) List of headers from the authorization service that should be added or overridden in the original request and forwarded to the upstream when the authorization check result is allowed (HTTP code 200). If not specified, the original request will not be modified and forwarded to backend as-is. Note, any existing headers will be overridden. Exact, prefix and suffix matches are supported - Exact match: "abc" will match on value "abc". - Prefix match: "abc*" will match on value "abc" and "abcd". - Suffix match: "*abc" will match on value "abc" and "xabc".
- `include_request_headers` (List of String)
- `path_prefix` (String) Sets a prefix to the value of authorization request header Path. For example, if the value of this field is "/foo", the value of the authorization request header Path will be "/foo/<original_path>".
- `timeout` (Attributes) Timeout controls how long the proxy waits for the external authorization backend to respond. If unset, TSB defaults to 1s. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--settings--authorization--http--external--timeout))
- `tls` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--settings--authorization--http--external--tls))
- `uri` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--settings--authorization--http--external--timeout"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.authorization.http.external.timeout`

Optional:

- `nanos` (Number) Signed fractions of a second at nanosecond resolution of the span of time. Durations less than one second are represented with a 0 `seconds` field and a positive or negative `nanos` field. For durations of one second or more, a non-zero value for the `nanos` field must be of the same sign as the `seconds` field. Must be from -999,999,999 to +999,999,999 inclusive.
- `seconds` (Number) Signed seconds of the span of time. Must be from -315,576,000,000 to +315,576,000,000 inclusive. Note: these bounds are computed from: 60 sec/min * 60 min/hr * 24 hr/day * 365.25 days/year * 10000 years


<a id="nestedatt--settings--authorization--http--external--tls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.authorization.http.external.tls`

Optional:

- `files` (Attributes) TLS key source from files. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--settings--authorization--http--external--tls--files))
- `mode` (String) Set this to DISABLED to disable TLS (not recommended from the security perspective), SIMPLE for one-way TLS and MUTUAL for mutual TLS (where client is required to present its certificate as well)
- `secret_name` (String) TLS key source from a Kubernetes Secret. This is applicable for gateway workloads.
- `subject_alt_names` (List of String) Subject alternative names is the list of names that are accepted as service name as part of TLS handshake

<a id="nestedatt--settings--authorization--http--external--tls--files"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.authorization.http.external.tls.files`

Optional:

- `ca_certificates` (String) File containing CA certificates to verify the certificates presented by the server. This is mandatory for both simple and mutual TLS. Here are some common paths for the system CA bundle on Linux and can be specified here if the server certificate is signed by a well known authority, already part of the system CA bundle on the host -    /etc/ssl/certs/ca-certificates.crt (Debian/Ubuntu/Gentoo etc.)   /etc/pki/ca-trust/extracted/pem/tls-ca-bundle.pem (CentOS/RHEL 7)   /etc/pki/tls/certs/ca-bundle.crt (Fedora/RHEL 6)
- `client_certificate` (String) Certificate file to authenticate the client. This is mandatory for mutual TLS and must not be specified for simple (one-way) TLS
- `private_key` (String) Private key file associated with the client certificate. This is mandatory for mutual TLS and must not be specified for simple TLS




<a id="nestedatt--settings--authorization--http--local"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.authorization.http.local`

Optional:

- `rules` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--settings--authorization--http--local--rules))

<a id="nestedatt--settings--authorization--http--local--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.authorization.http.local.rules`

Required:

- `name` (String) A friendly name to identify the binding.

Optional:

- `from` (Attributes List) Subjects configure the actors (end users, other services)  that are allowed to access the target resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--settings--authorization--http--local--rules--from))
- `to` (Attributes List) A set of HTTP rules that need to be satisfied by the HTTP requests to get access to the target resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--settings--authorization--http--local--rules--to))

<a id="nestedatt--settings--authorization--http--local--rules--from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.authorization.http.local.rules.from`

Optional:

- `jwt` (Attributes) JWT configuration to identity the subject. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--settings--authorization--http--local--rules--from--jwt))

<a id="nestedatt--settings--authorization--http--local--rules--from--jwt"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.authorization.http.local.rules.from.jwt`

Optional:

- `iss` (String)
- `other` (Map of String) A set of arbitrary claims that are required to qualify the subject. E.g. "iss": "*@foo.com".
- `sub` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--settings--authorization--http--local--rules--to"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.authorization.http.local.rules.to`

Optional:

- `methods` (List of String) The HTTP methods that are allowed by this rule. E.g. ["GET", "HEAD"].
- `paths` (List of String) The request path where the request is made against. E.g. ["/accounts"].





<a id="nestedatt--settings--authorization--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.authorization.rules`

Optional:

- `allow` (Attributes List) Allow specifies a list of rules. If a request matches at least one rule, the request is accepted. If no allow rules are provided, all requests are allowed. Each rule must be unique, no duplicates are allowed. A rule that is fully contained by another rule is not allowed. For instance, defining a rule from workspace `w1` to `w2` and another rule from security group `sg1` (which belongs to workspace `w1`) to `sg2` (which belongs to workspace `w2`) is not allowed. It is not allowed, because from security group `sg1` to `sg2` rule is already allowed by the rule from workspace `w1` to `ws2`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--settings--authorization--rules--allow))
- `deny` (Attributes List) Deny specifies a list of rules. If a request matches at least one rule, the request is rejected. If deny rules are provided, the match will never occur, so no request can be rejected. Each rule must be unique, no duplicates are allowed. A rule that is fully contained by another rule is not allowed. For instance, defining a rule from workspace `w1` to `w2` and another rule from security group `sg1` (which belongs to workspace `w1`) to `sg2` (which belongs to workspace `w2`) is not allowed. It is not allowed, because from security group `sg1` to `sg2` rule is already denied by the rule from workspace `w1` to `w2`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--settings--authorization--rules--deny))
- `deny_all` (Boolean) Deny all specifies whether all requests should be rejected. If it is true all requests will be rejected. If it is false the list of deny rules will be evaluated.

<a id="nestedatt--settings--authorization--rules--allow"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.authorization.rules.allow`

Required:

- `from` (Attributes) From specifies the source of a request. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--settings--authorization--rules--allow--from))
- `to` (Attributes) To specifies the destination of a request. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--settings--authorization--rules--allow--to))

<a id="nestedatt--settings--authorization--rules--allow--from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.authorization.rules.allow.from`


<a id="nestedatt--settings--authorization--rules--allow--to"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.authorization.rules.allow.to`



<a id="nestedatt--settings--authorization--rules--deny"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.authorization.rules.deny`

Required:

- `from` (Attributes) From specifies the source of a request. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--settings--authorization--rules--deny--from))
- `to` (Attributes) To specifies the destination of a request. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--settings--authorization--rules--deny--to))

<a id="nestedatt--settings--authorization--rules--deny--from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.authorization.rules.deny.from`


<a id="nestedatt--settings--authorization--rules--deny--to"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.authorization.rules.deny.to`





<a id="nestedatt--settings--config_generation_metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.config_generation_metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Set of key value paris that will be added into the `metadata.annotations` field of the Istio generated configurations.
- `labels` (Map of String) Set of key value paris that will be added into the `metadata.labels` field of the Istio generated configurations.


<a id="nestedatt--settings--extension"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.extension`

Optional:

- `config` (String) Configuration parameters sent to the WASM plugin execution. This configuration will overwrite the one specified globally in the extension. This config will be passed as-is to the extension. It is up to the extension to deserialize the config and use it.
- `match` (Attributes List) Specifies the criteria to determine which traffic is passed to WasmExtension. If a traffic satisfies any of TrafficSelectors, the traffic passes to the WasmExtension. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--settings--extension--match))

<a id="nestedatt--settings--extension--match"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.extension.match`

Optional:

- `mode` (String) Criteria for selecting traffic by their direction. Note that CLIENT and SERVER are analogous to OUTBOUND and INBOUND, respectively. For the gateway, the field should be CLIENT or CLIENT_AND_SERVER. If not specified, the default value is CLIENT_AND_SERVER.
- `ports` (Attributes List) Criteria for selecting traffic by their destination port. More specifically, for the outbound traffic, the destination port would be the port of the target service. On the other hand, for the inbound traffic, the destination port is the port bound by the server process in the same Pod. If one of the given `ports` is matched, this condition is evaluated to true. If not specified, this condition is evaluated to true for any port. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--settings--extension--match--ports))

<a id="nestedatt--settings--extension--match--ports"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.extension.match.ports`

Required:

- `number` (Number) Port number




<a id="nestedatt--settings--waf"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.waf`

Required:

- `rules` (List of String) Rules to be leveraged by WAF. The parser evaluates the list of rules from the top to the bottom.



<a id="nestedatt--subsets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `subsets`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name used to refer to the subset. This must match a subset defined in the ServiceRoute for this service, else it will be omitted.
- `settings` (Attributes) Security settings to apply to this service subset. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--subsets--settings))

<a id="nestedatt--subsets--settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `subsets.settings`

Optional:

- `authentication` (String) DEPRECATED: Specifies whether the proxy workloads should accept only mutual TLS authenticated traffic or allow legacy plaintext traffic as well. This field is deprecated in favor of `authentication_settings` and will be removed in the future release
- `authentication_settings` (Attributes) Authentication settings is used to set workload-to-workload traffic and end-user/origin authentication configuration. Authentication settings is affected by the security setting's defined propagation strategy. If `STRICTER` is used the most restrictive AuthenticationSettings traffic mode along the configuration hierarchy will prevail. AuthenticationSettings traffic mode can only be changed from `UNSET` to `OPTIONAL` to `REQUIRED`. Authentication settings http will use replace propagation strategy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--subsets--settings--authentication_settings))
- `authorization` (Attributes) The set of service accounts in one or more namespaces allowed or denied to access a workload (and hence its sidecar) in the mesh. Authorization is affected by the security setting's defined propagation strategy. If `STRICTER` is used the most restrictive AuthorizationSettings mode along the configuration hierarchy will prevail. AuthorizationSettings mode can only be changed from `UNSET` to `DISABLED` to `CLUSTER` to `WORKSPACE` to `NAMESPACE` to `GROUP` to `RULES` to `CUSTOM`. Restricting two `CUSTOM` AuthorizationSettings is a special case. A service account is considered stricter if it belongs to the same namespace and it has a concrete service account other than a wildcard. Hence, the only possibilities to restrict service accounts is from "ns/\*" to "ns/svc1-sa". When two lists of service accounts are compared (a parent and a child list) only the service accounts from the child list that are stricter (following the previously mentioned rules) or equal to any of the parent defined service accounts will be used. If none of the children's service accounts is stricter or equal, then the parent defined list will be used. For instance, a parent defines "ns/\*", "ns2/svc-sa", and "./\*" service accounts, whereas a child defines "ns/svc1-sa", "ns3/svc-sa", and "./*". The effective strictest list will be "ns/svc1-sa", and "./*". "ns3/svc2-sa" is discarded because it will extend the set of service accounts allowed to access the workload/s, as parent's defined service accounts does not include "ns3/*" or "ns3/svc2-sa". Restricting two `rules` AuthorizationSettings is also a special case. To consider a `rules` stricter, both allowed and denied rules list need to be considered as stricter. Allowed rules can only be refined by subsets of the initial rule. Hence, you cannot allow more workloads, only less. For instance, if an allow rule **from** workspace `w1` **to** `w2` has been specified higher up in the hierarchy, it can only be refined with the same resource or lineage resources lower down in the resource hierarchy. Which means, if `w1` has a child security group `sg1`, only `sg1` and `w1` itself are considered as a stricter **from** resource target. In the same way, if `w2` has a child security group `sg2`, only `sg2` and `w2` itself are considered as a stricter **to** resource target. On the other hand, any provided list of denied rules lower down in the hierarchy, will be considered always stricter, because all ancestor's denied rules are also taken into consideration. Basically, stricter `rules` AuthorizationSettings can only allow the same or less, and/or deny more workloads. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--subsets--settings--authorization))
- `config_generation_metadata` (Attributes) Metadata values that will be add into the Istio generated configurations. When using YAML APIs like `tctl` or `gitops`, put them into the `metadata.labels` or `metadata.annotations` instead. This field is only necessary when using gRPC APIs directly. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--subsets--settings--config_generation_metadata))
- `description` (String) A description of the resource.
- `display_name` (String) User friendly name for the resource.
- `extension` (Attributes List) Extensions specifies all the WasmExtensions assigned to this SecuritySettings with the specific configuration for each extension. This custom configuration will override the one configured globally to the extension. Each extension has a global configuration including enabling and priority that will condition the execution of the assigned extensions. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--subsets--settings--extension))
- `propagation_strategy` (String) Propagation strategy specifies how a security setting is propagated along the configuration hierarchy. The default strategy is `REPLACE`. The propagation strategy from security settings can only be changed from `REPLACE` to `STRICTER` along the settings in the configuration hierarchy. Any security setting propagation strategy changed from the default one, higher up in the configuration hierarchy, will prevail over any other defined security setting propagation strategy further down in the configuration hierarchy. For instance, if an organization's default security setting propagation strategy is changed to `STRICTER`, a restrictive propagation strategy will be used at tenant, workspace default security settings and group security settings. `STRICTER` propagation strategy will be used even though, tenant, workspace or group security settings specifies a `REPLACE` propagation strategy. Security setting properties affected by the propagation strategy are: - Authorization - AuthenticationSettings - Extension All the other properties will use the default `REPLACE` propagation strategy. How each property affected by the propagation strategy will be restricted is explained in more detail at each property.
- `waf` (Attributes) NOTICE: this feature is in alpha stage and under active development. it would encounter breaking changes in further release and should not be adopted in production WAF settings is used to set firewall rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--subsets--settings--waf))

<a id="nestedatt--subsets--settings--authentication_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `subsets.settings.authentication_settings`

Optional:

- `http` (Attributes) HTTP request authentication is used to configure authentication of origin/end-user credentials like JSON Web Token (JWT). It is highly recommended to set traffic authentication mode to REQUIRED so that it is transported only over mutual TLS (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--subsets--settings--authentication_settings--http))
- `traffic_mode` (String) Traffic authentication mode is used to specify if mTLS or plaintext traffic is accepted

<a id="nestedatt--subsets--settings--authentication_settings--http"></a>
### Nested Schema for `subsets.settings.authentication_settings.http`

Optional:

- `jwt` (Attributes) Authenticate an HTTP request from a JWT Token attached to it. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--subsets--settings--authentication_settings--http--jwt))
- `oidc` (Attributes) Authenticate an HTTP request using an external OIDC provider (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--subsets--settings--authentication_settings--http--oidc))
- `require_jwt` (Attributes) If set to true, JWT authentication is mandatory and enforced with strict validation. Requests without a valid JWT token will be rejected with a 401 (Unauthorized) error. This field ONLY applies when JWT authentication is configured (via 'jwt' or 'rules'). It is IGNORED when OIDC is configured. Behavior when JWT is configured: - When false (default): JWT tokens are optional, but if provided, they must be valid.  Requests without tokens are allowed to pass through. - When true: All requests must have a valid JWT token from one of the configured providers, otherwise they receive a 401 response.   Note that to use this feature xcp.enable_jwt_authentication_require_jwt_token_setting needs to be set to true on controlplane CR. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--subsets--settings--authentication_settings--http--require_jwt))
- `rules` (Attributes) List of rules how to authenticate an HTTP request. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--subsets--settings--authentication_settings--http--rules))

<a id="nestedatt--subsets--settings--authentication_settings--http--jwt"></a>
### Nested Schema for `subsets.settings.authentication_settings.http.jwt`

Required:

- `issuer` (String) Identifies the issuer that issued the JWT. See [issuer](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7519#section-4.1.1) A JWT with different `iss` claim will be rejected. Example: https://foobar.auth0.com Example: 1234567-compute@developer.gserviceaccount.com

Optional:

- `audiences` (List of String) The list of JWT [audiences](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7519#section-4.1.3). that are allowed to access. A JWT containing any of these audiences will be accepted. The service name will be accepted if audiences is empty.
- `from_cookies` (List of String) List of cookie names from which JWT is expected. For example, if config is:  fromCookies:  - auth-token Then JWT will be extracted from auth-token cookie in the request. Note: Requests with multiple tokens (at different locations) are not supported. The behaviour of authorization policies when there is more than one user identity is undefined
- `from_headers` (Attributes List) This field specifies the locations to extract JWT token. If no explicit location is specified the following default locations are tried in order:     1) The Authorization header using the Bearer schema,        e.g. Authorization: Bearer <token>. (see        [Authorization Request Header        Field](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6750#section-2.1))     2) The `access_token` query parameter (see     [URI Query Parameter](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6750#section-2.3)) List of header locations from which JWT is expected. For example, below is the location spec if JWT is expected to be found in `x-jwt-assertion` header, and have `Bearer ` prefix: ```yaml   fromHeaders:   - name: x-jwt-assertion     prefix: "Bearer " ``` Note: Multiple tokens present on the same request are not supported.  The behaviour of authorization policies when there is more than one user identity is undefined (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--subsets--settings--authentication_settings--http--jwt--from_headers))
- `jwks` (String) JSON Web Key Set of public keys to validate signature of the JWT. See https://auth0.com/docs/jwks. Note: Only one of jwks_uri and jwks should be used. jwks_uri will be ignored if it does.
- `jwks_uri` (String) URL of the provider's public key set to validate signature of the JWT. See [OpenID Discovery](https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-discovery-1_0.html#ProviderMetadata). Optional if the key set document can either (a) be retrieved from [OpenID Discovery](https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-discovery-1_0.html) of the issuer or (b) inferred from the email domain of the issuer (e.g. a Google service account). Example: `https://www.googleapis.com/oauth2/v1/certs` Note: Only one of jwks_uri and jwks should be used. jwks_uri will be ignored if it does.
- `output_claim_to_headers` (Attributes List) This field specifies a list of operations to copy the claim to HTTP headers on a successfully verified token. This differs from the `output_payload_to_header` by allowing outputting individual claims instead of the whole payload. Only claims of type string, boolean, and integer are supported. Array type claims are not supported at this time. The header specified in each operation in the list must be unique. Nested claims of type string/int/bool is supported as well. ```   outputClaimToHeaders:   - header: x-my-company-jwt-group     claim: my-group   - header: x-test-environment-flag     claim: test-flag   - header: x-jwt-claim-group     claim: nested.key.group ``` [Experimental] This feature is a experimental feature. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--subsets--settings--authentication_settings--http--jwt--output_claim_to_headers))
- `output_payload_to_header` (String) This field specifies the header name to output a successfully verified JWT payload to the backend. The forwarded data is `base64_encoded(jwt_payload_in_JSON)`. If it is not specified, the payload will not be emitted.

<a id="nestedatt--subsets--settings--authentication_settings--http--jwt--from_headers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `subsets.settings.authentication_settings.http.jwt.from_headers`

Required:

- `name` (String) The HTTP header name.

Optional:

- `prefix` (String) The prefix that should be stripped before decoding the token. For example, for `Authorization: Bearer <token>`, prefix=`Bearer ` with a space at the end. If the header doesn't have this exact prefix, it is considered invalid.


<a id="nestedatt--subsets--settings--authentication_settings--http--jwt--output_claim_to_headers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `subsets.settings.authentication_settings.http.jwt.output_claim_to_headers`

Required:

- `claim` (String) The name of the claim to be copied from. Only claim of type string/int/bool is supported. The header will not be there if the claim does not exist or the type of the claim is not supported.
- `header` (String) The name of the header to be created. The header will be overridden if it already exists in the request.



<a id="nestedatt--subsets--settings--authentication_settings--http--oidc"></a>
### Nested Schema for `subsets.settings.authentication_settings.http.oidc`

Required:

- `client_id` (String) The client_id to be used in the authorize calls. This value will be URL encoded when sent to the OAuth server.
- `client_token_secret` (String) The name of the Kubernetes secret containing the client secret. Kubernetes generic opaque secret should contain `istio_generic_secret` key with base64 encoded client_secret as value.  For example --- apiVersion: v1 metadata:   name: bar   namespace: foo data:   istio_generic_secret: e2Jhc2U2NF9lbmNvZGVkX3Rva2VuX3NlY3JldH0= kind: Secret type: Opaque The secret must be present in the same namespace as the gateway or sidecar deployment for which the configuration is being applied for. The (gateway/ sidecar) deployment must also have RBAC permissions to view secrets in the current namespace. For gateways this is already configured, while for sidecar the permission should be added if not already present. The secret token stored will be URL encoded when sent to the OAuth server.
- `provider` (Attributes) The OIDC Provider configuration. If only `issuer` is provided, the config will be treated as `dynamic` and will be fetched from the well known endpoint. If more fields are configured, the configuration will be treated as `static` and thus should be complete. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--subsets--settings--authentication_settings--http--oidc--provider))
- `redirect_uri` (String) The redirect URI passed to the authorization endpoint It can also be formulated from request parameters For example: %REQ(x-forwarded-proto)%://%REQ(:authority)%/callback This URI should not contain any query parameters.

Optional:

- `auth_scopes` (List of String) Optional list of OAuth scopes to be claimed in the authorization request. If not specified, defaults to `user` scope. OAuth RFC https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6749#section-3.3
- `auth_type` (String) Defines how client_id and client_secret are sent in OAuth client to OAuth server requests. RFC https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc6749#section-2.3.1
- `grant_type` (String) Configure the [authorization grant type to be used](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc6749#section-1.3)
- `redirect_path_matcher` (String) Matching criteria used to determine whether a path appears to be the result of a redirect from the authorization server. The query and fragment string (if present) are removed in the URL path portion. For example, the path `/data` will match URI header `/data#fragment?param=value`. If not provided, default is derived from redirect_uri path Only exact match is configurable
- `signout_path` (String) The path to sign a user out, clearing their credential cookies. If not provided, default is `/signout` Only exact match is configurable
- `use_refresh_token` (Attributes) Enable automatic access token refresh using associated refresh token [(see RFC 6749 section 6)](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc6749#section-6) provided that the OAuth server supports that. If not set defaults to `true`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--subsets--settings--authentication_settings--http--oidc--use_refresh_token))

<a id="nestedatt--subsets--settings--authentication_settings--http--oidc--provider"></a>
### Nested Schema for `subsets.settings.authentication_settings.http.oidc.provider`

Required:

- `issuer` (String) The OIDC Provider's [issuer identifier](https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-discovery-1_0.html#IssuerDiscovery).

Optional:

- `authorization_endpoint` (String) The OIDC Provider's [authorization endpoint](https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-core-1_0.html#AuthorizationEndpoint). If not provided, it will be discovered from the provider's [Well-Known Configuration Endpoint](https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-discovery-1_0.html#ProviderConfigurationResponse).
- `jwks` (String) JSON string with the OIDC provider's JSON Web Key Sets. In general the URI for the Key Set is the preferred method for configuring JWKS. This setting is provided in case the provider doesn't publish JWKS via a public URI.
- `jwks_uri` (String) URI for the OIDC provider's JSON Web Key Sets. This can be found in the OIDC provider's configuration response. The JWKS are used for token verification.
- `tls` (Attributes) The TLS settings used by the clients to connect with the OIDC provider. If only the OIDC provider Issuer is specified, TSB will fetch the well-known configuration using the specified TLS settings. Proxies will be configured to verify the TLS certificates provided by the OIDC provider using the CA cert provided in TLS settings. If TLS settings are not defined, TSB uses the system default CA certificates to fetch the well-known configuration and proxies will not validate the TLS certificates provided by the OIDC provider. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--subsets--settings--authentication_settings--http--oidc--provider--tls))
- `token_endpoint` (String) The OIDC Provider's [token endpoint](https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-core-1_0.html#TokenEndpoint). If not provided, it will be discovered from the provider's [Well-Known Configuration Endpoint](https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-discovery-1_0.html#ProviderConfigurationResponse).

<a id="nestedatt--subsets--settings--authentication_settings--http--oidc--provider--tls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `subsets.settings.authentication_settings.http.oidc.provider.tls`

Optional:

- `files` (Attributes) TLS key source from files. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--subsets--settings--authentication_settings--http--oidc--provider--tls--files))
- `mode` (String) Set this to DISABLED to disable TLS (not recommended from the security perspective), SIMPLE for one-way TLS and MUTUAL for mutual TLS (where client is required to present its certificate as well)
- `secret_name` (String) TLS key source from a Kubernetes Secret. This is applicable for gateway workloads.
- `subject_alt_names` (List of String) Subject alternative names is the list of names that are accepted as service name as part of TLS handshake

<a id="nestedatt--subsets--settings--authentication_settings--http--oidc--provider--tls--files"></a>
### Nested Schema for `subsets.settings.authentication_settings.http.oidc.provider.tls.files`

Optional:

- `ca_certificates` (String) File containing CA certificates to verify the certificates presented by the server. This is mandatory for both simple and mutual TLS. Here are some common paths for the system CA bundle on Linux and can be specified here if the server certificate is signed by a well known authority, already part of the system CA bundle on the host -    /etc/ssl/certs/ca-certificates.crt (Debian/Ubuntu/Gentoo etc.)   /etc/pki/ca-trust/extracted/pem/tls-ca-bundle.pem (CentOS/RHEL 7)   /etc/pki/tls/certs/ca-bundle.crt (Fedora/RHEL 6)
- `client_certificate` (String) Certificate file to authenticate the client. This is mandatory for mutual TLS and must not be specified for simple (one-way) TLS
- `private_key` (String) Private key file associated with the client certificate. This is mandatory for mutual TLS and must not be specified for simple TLS




<a id="nestedatt--subsets--settings--authentication_settings--http--oidc--use_refresh_token"></a>
### Nested Schema for `subsets.settings.authentication_settings.http.oidc.use_refresh_token`

Optional:

- `value` (Boolean) The bool value.



<a id="nestedatt--subsets--settings--authentication_settings--http--require_jwt"></a>
### Nested Schema for `subsets.settings.authentication_settings.http.require_jwt`

Optional:

- `value` (Boolean) The bool value.


<a id="nestedatt--subsets--settings--authentication_settings--http--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `subsets.settings.authentication_settings.http.rules`

Optional:

- `jwt` (Attributes List) List of rules how to authenticate an HTTP request from a JWT Token attached to it. A JWT Token, if present in the HTTP request, must satisfy one of the rules defined here. The order in which rules are being checked at runtime might differ from the order in which they are defined here. If the JWT Token doesn't satisfy any of the rules, the request will be rejected. If the JWT Token does satisfy one of the rules, the identity of the request will be extracted from the JWT Token. Notice that an HTTP request without a JWT Token attached to it will NOT be rejected based on the rules defined here. Remember to define HTTP request authorization settings to achieve that. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--subsets--settings--authentication_settings--http--rules--jwt))

<a id="nestedatt--subsets--settings--authentication_settings--http--rules--jwt"></a>
### Nested Schema for `subsets.settings.authentication_settings.http.rules.jwt`

Required:

- `issuer` (String) Identifies the issuer that issued the JWT. See [issuer](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7519#section-4.1.1) A JWT with different `iss` claim will be rejected. Example: https://foobar.auth0.com Example: 1234567-compute@developer.gserviceaccount.com

Optional:

- `audiences` (List of String) The list of JWT [audiences](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7519#section-4.1.3). that are allowed to access. A JWT containing any of these audiences will be accepted. The service name will be accepted if audiences is empty.
- `from_cookies` (List of String) List of cookie names from which JWT is expected. For example, if config is:  fromCookies:  - auth-token Then JWT will be extracted from auth-token cookie in the request. Note: Requests with multiple tokens (at different locations) are not supported. The behaviour of authorization policies when there is more than one user identity is undefined
- `from_headers` (Attributes List) This field specifies the locations to extract JWT token. If no explicit location is specified the following default locations are tried in order:     1) The Authorization header using the Bearer schema,        e.g. Authorization: Bearer <token>. (see        [Authorization Request Header        Field](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6750#section-2.1))     2) The `access_token` query parameter (see     [URI Query Parameter](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6750#section-2.3)) List of header locations from which JWT is expected. For example, below is the location spec if JWT is expected to be found in `x-jwt-assertion` header, and have `Bearer ` prefix: ```yaml   fromHeaders:   - name: x-jwt-assertion     prefix: "Bearer " ``` Note: Multiple tokens present on the same request are not supported.  The behaviour of authorization policies when there is more than one user identity is undefined (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--subsets--settings--authentication_settings--http--rules--jwt--from_headers))
- `jwks` (String) JSON Web Key Set of public keys to validate signature of the JWT. See https://auth0.com/docs/jwks. Note: Only one of jwks_uri and jwks should be used. jwks_uri will be ignored if it does.
- `jwks_uri` (String) URL of the provider's public key set to validate signature of the JWT. See [OpenID Discovery](https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-discovery-1_0.html#ProviderMetadata). Optional if the key set document can either (a) be retrieved from [OpenID Discovery](https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-discovery-1_0.html) of the issuer or (b) inferred from the email domain of the issuer (e.g. a Google service account). Example: `https://www.googleapis.com/oauth2/v1/certs` Note: Only one of jwks_uri and jwks should be used. jwks_uri will be ignored if it does.
- `output_claim_to_headers` (Attributes List) This field specifies a list of operations to copy the claim to HTTP headers on a successfully verified token. This differs from the `output_payload_to_header` by allowing outputting individual claims instead of the whole payload. Only claims of type string, boolean, and integer are supported. Array type claims are not supported at this time. The header specified in each operation in the list must be unique. Nested claims of type string/int/bool is supported as well. ```   outputClaimToHeaders:   - header: x-my-company-jwt-group     claim: my-group   - header: x-test-environment-flag     claim: test-flag   - header: x-jwt-claim-group     claim: nested.key.group ``` [Experimental] This feature is a experimental feature. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--subsets--settings--authentication_settings--http--rules--jwt--output_claim_to_headers))
- `output_payload_to_header` (String) This field specifies the header name to output a successfully verified JWT payload to the backend. The forwarded data is `base64_encoded(jwt_payload_in_JSON)`. If it is not specified, the payload will not be emitted.

<a id="nestedatt--subsets--settings--authentication_settings--http--rules--jwt--from_headers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `subsets.settings.authentication_settings.http.rules.jwt.from_headers`

Required:

- `name` (String) The HTTP header name.

Optional:

- `prefix` (String) The prefix that should be stripped before decoding the token. For example, for `Authorization: Bearer <token>`, prefix=`Bearer ` with a space at the end. If the header doesn't have this exact prefix, it is considered invalid.


<a id="nestedatt--subsets--settings--authentication_settings--http--rules--jwt--output_claim_to_headers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `subsets.settings.authentication_settings.http.rules.jwt.output_claim_to_headers`

Required:

- `claim` (String) The name of the claim to be copied from. Only claim of type string/int/bool is supported. The header will not be there if the claim does not exist or the type of the claim is not supported.
- `header` (String) The name of the header to be created. The header will be overridden if it already exists in the request.






<a id="nestedatt--subsets--settings--authorization"></a>
### Nested Schema for `subsets.settings.authorization`

Optional:

- `http` (Attributes) This is for configuring HTTP request authorization. Currently, we only support authorizing through an external backend/policy engine like OPA. Inline authorization rules for JWT are not yet supported for sidecars. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--subsets--settings--authorization--http))
- `identity_match` (String) identity_match specifies the strategy for client identity verification to be employed during the evaluation of authorization (authz) rules within the service. This field determines how the identity of a client is verified and utilized to make authz decisions, offering different levels of security and flexibility based on the chosen mode. Possible values for identity_match are: - SOURCE_IDENTITY: Enforces authz decisions based on the service identity propagated from the client. This mode   ensures that authz is evaluated strictly based on the explicit identity of the requesting service, suitable for   environments requiring high security and strict identity verification. - PEER_CERTIFICATE: Utilizes the SPIFFE ID from mTLS certificates for authz decisions. This mode is aligned with   certificate-based identity validation, providing a secure, cryptographic method of asserting service identities. - PERMISSIVE: Allows a flexible approach by accepting either SOURCE_IDENTITY or PEER_CERTIFICATE for authz evaluation.   This mode is designed for transitional environments or for easing upgrades, offering a broader compatibility with   different identity verification methods. If identity_match is not explicitly specified, the system defaults to the PERMISSIVE mode, allowing for a more inclusive evaluation of authz rules that accommodates various identity verification strategies. The use of this field is dependent upon the `enableHttpMeshInternalIdentityPropagation` feature being enabled in the Control plane's configuration resource (CR). When this feature is active, it allows for the propagation and recognition of HTTP mesh internal identities, enabling the specified identity_match mode to take effect. If the feature is disabled in the Control Plane CR, the system reverts to using PEER_CERTIFICATE mode for identity verification, relying solely on mTLS certificate identities for authz rule evaluation. This configuration offers flexibility in adapting the identity verification strategy to the specific security requirements and operational contexts of your environment, ensuring that authz rules are applied effectively and securely based on the desired identity verification method.
- `mode` (String) A short cut for specifying the set of allowed callers.
- `rules` (Attributes) When the mode is `RULES`, you can allow or deny workload-to-workload communication by specifying in the `rules` field which target workloads are allowed or denied to communicate with other target workloads. When the mode is `RULES`, if no authorization rules are provided all requests will be accepted. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--subsets--settings--authorization--rules))
- `service_accounts` (List of String) When the mode is `CUSTOM`, `serviceAccounts` specify the allowed set of service accounts (and the workloads using them). Must be in the `<namespace>/<service-account-name>` format. - `./*` indicates all service accounts in the namespace where the sidecar resides. - `ns1/*` indicates all service accounts in the `ns1` namespace. - `ns1/svc1-sa` indicates `svc1-sa` service account in `ns1` namespace. Namespace should be a valid kubernetes namespace, which follows [RFC 1123 Label Names](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#dns-label-names) rules. Service account should be a valid kubernetes service account, which follows [DNS Subdomain Names](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#dns-subdomain-names) rules.

<a id="nestedatt--subsets--settings--authorization--http"></a>
### Nested Schema for `subsets.settings.authorization.http`

Optional:

- `external` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--subsets--settings--authorization--http--external))
- `local` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--subsets--settings--authorization--http--local))

<a id="nestedatt--subsets--settings--authorization--http--external"></a>
### Nested Schema for `subsets.settings.authorization.http.external`

Optional:

- `allowed_upstream_headers` (List of String) List of headers from the authorization service that should be added or overridden in the original request and forwarded to the upstream when the authorization check result is allowed (HTTP code 200). If not specified, the original request will not be modified and forwarded to backend as-is. Note, any existing headers will be overridden. Exact, prefix and suffix matches are supported - Exact match: "abc" will match on value "abc". - Prefix match: "abc*" will match on value "abc" and "abcd". - Suffix match: "*abc" will match on value "abc" and "xabc".
- `include_request_headers` (List of String)
- `path_prefix` (String) Sets a prefix to the value of authorization request header Path. For example, if the value of this field is "/foo", the value of the authorization request header Path will be "/foo/<original_path>".
- `timeout` (Attributes) Timeout controls how long the proxy waits for the external authorization backend to respond. If unset, TSB defaults to 1s. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--subsets--settings--authorization--http--external--timeout))
- `tls` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--subsets--settings--authorization--http--external--tls))
- `uri` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--subsets--settings--authorization--http--external--timeout"></a>
### Nested Schema for `subsets.settings.authorization.http.external.timeout`

Optional:

- `nanos` (Number) Signed fractions of a second at nanosecond resolution of the span of time. Durations less than one second are represented with a 0 `seconds` field and a positive or negative `nanos` field. For durations of one second or more, a non-zero value for the `nanos` field must be of the same sign as the `seconds` field. Must be from -999,999,999 to +999,999,999 inclusive.
- `seconds` (Number) Signed seconds of the span of time. Must be from -315,576,000,000 to +315,576,000,000 inclusive. Note: these bounds are computed from: 60 sec/min * 60 min/hr * 24 hr/day * 365.25 days/year * 10000 years


<a id="nestedatt--subsets--settings--authorization--http--external--tls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `subsets.settings.authorization.http.external.tls`

Optional:

- `files` (Attributes) TLS key source from files. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--subsets--settings--authorization--http--external--tls--files))
- `mode` (String) Set this to DISABLED to disable TLS (not recommended from the security perspective), SIMPLE for one-way TLS and MUTUAL for mutual TLS (where client is required to present its certificate as well)
- `secret_name` (String) TLS key source from a Kubernetes Secret. This is applicable for gateway workloads.
- `subject_alt_names` (List of String) Subject alternative names is the list of names that are accepted as service name as part of TLS handshake

<a id="nestedatt--subsets--settings--authorization--http--external--tls--files"></a>
### Nested Schema for `subsets.settings.authorization.http.external.tls.files`

Optional:

- `ca_certificates` (String) File containing CA certificates to verify the certificates presented by the server. This is mandatory for both simple and mutual TLS. Here are some common paths for the system CA bundle on Linux and can be specified here if the server certificate is signed by a well known authority, already part of the system CA bundle on the host -    /etc/ssl/certs/ca-certificates.crt (Debian/Ubuntu/Gentoo etc.)   /etc/pki/ca-trust/extracted/pem/tls-ca-bundle.pem (CentOS/RHEL 7)   /etc/pki/tls/certs/ca-bundle.crt (Fedora/RHEL 6)
- `client_certificate` (String) Certificate file to authenticate the client. This is mandatory for mutual TLS and must not be specified for simple (one-way) TLS
- `private_key` (String) Private key file associated with the client certificate. This is mandatory for mutual TLS and must not be specified for simple TLS




<a id="nestedatt--subsets--settings--authorization--http--local"></a>
### Nested Schema for `subsets.settings.authorization.http.local`

Optional:

- `rules` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--subsets--settings--authorization--http--local--rules))

<a id="nestedatt--subsets--settings--authorization--http--local--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `subsets.settings.authorization.http.local.rules`

Required:

- `name` (String) A friendly name to identify the binding.

Optional:

- `from` (Attributes List) Subjects configure the actors (end users, other services)  that are allowed to access the target resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--subsets--settings--authorization--http--local--rules--from))
- `to` (Attributes List) A set of HTTP rules that need to be satisfied by the HTTP requests to get access to the target resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--subsets--settings--authorization--http--local--rules--to))

<a id="nestedatt--subsets--settings--authorization--http--local--rules--from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `subsets.settings.authorization.http.local.rules.from`

Optional:

- `jwt` (Attributes) JWT configuration to identity the subject. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--subsets--settings--authorization--http--local--rules--from--jwt))

<a id="nestedatt--subsets--settings--authorization--http--local--rules--from--jwt"></a>
### Nested Schema for `subsets.settings.authorization.http.local.rules.from.jwt`

Optional:

- `iss` (String)
- `other` (Map of String) A set of arbitrary claims that are required to qualify the subject. E.g. "iss": "*@foo.com".
- `sub` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--subsets--settings--authorization--http--local--rules--to"></a>
### Nested Schema for `subsets.settings.authorization.http.local.rules.to`

Optional:

- `methods` (List of String) The HTTP methods that are allowed by this rule. E.g. ["GET", "HEAD"].
- `paths` (List of String) The request path where the request is made against. E.g. ["/accounts"].





<a id="nestedatt--subsets--settings--authorization--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `subsets.settings.authorization.rules`

Optional:

- `allow` (Attributes List) Allow specifies a list of rules. If a request matches at least one rule, the request is accepted. If no allow rules are provided, all requests are allowed. Each rule must be unique, no duplicates are allowed. A rule that is fully contained by another rule is not allowed. For instance, defining a rule from workspace `w1` to `w2` and another rule from security group `sg1` (which belongs to workspace `w1`) to `sg2` (which belongs to workspace `w2`) is not allowed. It is not allowed, because from security group `sg1` to `sg2` rule is already allowed by the rule from workspace `w1` to `ws2`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--subsets--settings--authorization--rules--allow))
- `deny` (Attributes List) Deny specifies a list of rules. If a request matches at least one rule, the request is rejected. If deny rules are provided, the match will never occur, so no request can be rejected. Each rule must be unique, no duplicates are allowed. A rule that is fully contained by another rule is not allowed. For instance, defining a rule from workspace `w1` to `w2` and another rule from security group `sg1` (which belongs to workspace `w1`) to `sg2` (which belongs to workspace `w2`) is not allowed. It is not allowed, because from security group `sg1` to `sg2` rule is already denied by the rule from workspace `w1` to `w2`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--subsets--settings--authorization--rules--deny))
- `deny_all` (Boolean) Deny all specifies whether all requests should be rejected. If it is true all requests will be rejected. If it is false the list of deny rules will be evaluated.

<a id="nestedatt--subsets--settings--authorization--rules--allow"></a>
### Nested Schema for `subsets.settings.authorization.rules.allow`

Required:

- `from` (Attributes) From specifies the source of a request. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--subsets--settings--authorization--rules--allow--from))
- `to` (Attributes) To specifies the destination of a request. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--subsets--settings--authorization--rules--allow--to))

<a id="nestedatt--subsets--settings--authorization--rules--allow--from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `subsets.settings.authorization.rules.allow.from`


<a id="nestedatt--subsets--settings--authorization--rules--allow--to"></a>
### Nested Schema for `subsets.settings.authorization.rules.allow.to`



<a id="nestedatt--subsets--settings--authorization--rules--deny"></a>
### Nested Schema for `subsets.settings.authorization.rules.deny`

Required:

- `from` (Attributes) From specifies the source of a request. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--subsets--settings--authorization--rules--deny--from))
- `to` (Attributes) To specifies the destination of a request. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--subsets--settings--authorization--rules--deny--to))

<a id="nestedatt--subsets--settings--authorization--rules--deny--from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `subsets.settings.authorization.rules.deny.from`


<a id="nestedatt--subsets--settings--authorization--rules--deny--to"></a>
### Nested Schema for `subsets.settings.authorization.rules.deny.to`





<a id="nestedatt--subsets--settings--config_generation_metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `subsets.settings.config_generation_metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Set of key value paris that will be added into the `metadata.annotations` field of the Istio generated configurations.
- `labels` (Map of String) Set of key value paris that will be added into the `metadata.labels` field of the Istio generated configurations.


<a id="nestedatt--subsets--settings--extension"></a>
### Nested Schema for `subsets.settings.extension`

Optional:

- `config` (String) Configuration parameters sent to the WASM plugin execution. This configuration will overwrite the one specified globally in the extension. This config will be passed as-is to the extension. It is up to the extension to deserialize the config and use it.
- `match` (Attributes List) Specifies the criteria to determine which traffic is passed to WasmExtension. If a traffic satisfies any of TrafficSelectors, the traffic passes to the WasmExtension. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--subsets--settings--extension--match))

<a id="nestedatt--subsets--settings--extension--match"></a>
### Nested Schema for `subsets.settings.extension.match`

Optional:

- `mode` (String) Criteria for selecting traffic by their direction. Note that CLIENT and SERVER are analogous to OUTBOUND and INBOUND, respectively. For the gateway, the field should be CLIENT or CLIENT_AND_SERVER. If not specified, the default value is CLIENT_AND_SERVER.
- `ports` (Attributes List) Criteria for selecting traffic by their destination port. More specifically, for the outbound traffic, the destination port would be the port of the target service. On the other hand, for the inbound traffic, the destination port is the port bound by the server process in the same Pod. If one of the given `ports` is matched, this condition is evaluated to true. If not specified, this condition is evaluated to true for any port. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--subsets--settings--extension--match--ports))

<a id="nestedatt--subsets--settings--extension--match--ports"></a>
### Nested Schema for `subsets.settings.extension.match.ports`

Required:

- `number` (Number) Port number




<a id="nestedatt--subsets--settings--waf"></a>
### Nested Schema for `subsets.settings.waf`

Required:

- `rules` (List of String) Rules to be leveraged by WAF. The parser evaluates the list of rules from the top to the bottom.
