---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "tsb_tenant Resource - terraform-provider-tsb"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# tsb_tenant (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Short name of the Tenant resource.
- `parent` (String) The parent id for the Tenant resource.

### Optional

- `config_generation_metadata` (Attributes) Default metadata values that will be propagated to the children Istio generated configurations. When using YAML APIs like `tctl` or `gitops`, put them into the `metadata.labels` or `metadata.annotations` instead. This field is only necessary when using gRPC APIs directly. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config_generation_metadata))
- `deletion_protection_enabled` (Boolean) When set, prevents the resource from being deleted. In order to delete the resource this property needs to be set to `false` first.
- `description` (String) A description of the resource.
- `display_name` (String) User friendly name for the resource.
- `profiles` (List of String) List of profiles attached to the tenant to be used to propagate default and mandatory configurations down to the children.
- `security_domain` (String) Security domains can be used to group different resources under the same security domain. Although security domain is not resource itself currently, it follows a fqn format `organizations/myorg/securitydomains/mysecuritydomain`, and a child cannot override any ancestor's security domain. Once a security domain is assigned to a _Tenant_, all the children resources will belong to that security domain in the same way a _Workspace_ belongs to a _Tenant_, a _Workspace_ will also belong to the security domain assigned to the _Tenant_. Security domains can also be used to define _Security settings Authorization rules_ in which you can allow or deny request from or to a security domain.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Fully-qualified name of the Tenant resource.

<a id="nestedatt--config_generation_metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config_generation_metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Set of key value paris that will be added into the `metadata.annotations` field of the Istio generated configurations.
- `labels` (Map of String) Set of key value paris that will be added into the `metadata.labels` field of the Istio generated configurations.
