---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "tsb_traffic_traffic_setting Resource - terraform-provider-tsb"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# tsb_traffic_traffic_setting (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Short name of the TrafficSetting resource.
- `parent` (String) The parent id for the TrafficSetting resource.

### Optional

- `config_generation_metadata` (Attributes) Metadata values that will be add into the Istio generated configurations. When using YAML APIs like `tctl` or `gitops`, put them into the `metadata.labels` or `metadata.annotations` instead. This field is only necessary when using gRPC APIs directly. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config_generation_metadata))
- `description` (String) A description of the resource.
- `display_name` (String) User friendly name for the resource.
- `egress` (Attributes) Specifies the details of the egress proxy to which unknown traffic should be forwarded to from the proxy workload. If not specified, the proxy workload will send the unknown traffic directly to the IP requested by the application. DEPRECATED. Moved to `outbound`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--egress))
- `inbound` (Attributes) Configures inbound traffic. Applicable when service acts as a server. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--inbound))
- `outbound` (Attributes) Configures outbound traffic. Applicable when service acts as a client. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--outbound))
- `rate_limiting` (Attributes) Configuration for rate limiting requests. These settings are only applied to sidecar proxies in the traffic group. Use the rateLimiting field in the Tier1Gateway and the Ingressgateway API to configure ratelimiting at the ingressgateway proxies. DEPRECATED. Moved to `inbound`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rate_limiting))
- `reachability` (Attributes) The set of services and hosts accessed by a workload (and hence its sidecar) in the mesh. Defining the set of services accessed by a workload (i.e. its dependencies) in advance reduces the memory and CPU consumption both the Istio control plane and the individual Envoy proxy workloads in the data plane. DEPRECATED. Moved to `outbound`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--reachability))
- `resilience` (Attributes) Resilience settings such as timeouts, retries, etc., affecting outbound traffic from proxy workloads. DEPRECATED. Moved to `outbound`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resilience))
- `upstream_traffic_settings` (Attributes List) List of hosts and the associated traffic settings to be used by the clients that are downstreams to the defined upstream hosts. DEPRECATED. Moved to `outbound`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--upstream_traffic_settings))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Fully-qualified name of the TrafficSetting resource.

<a id="nestedatt--config_generation_metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config_generation_metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Set of key value paris that will be added into the `metadata.annotations` field of the Istio generated configurations.
- `labels` (Map of String) Set of key value paris that will be added into the `metadata.labels` field of the Istio generated configurations.


<a id="nestedatt--egress"></a>
### Nested Schema for `egress`

Required:

- `host` (String) Specifies the egress gateway hostname. Must be in `<namespace>/<fqdn>` format.

Optional:

- `port` (Number) Deprecated. This field is ignored and will be removed in upcoming releases. Specifies the port on the host to connect to.


<a id="nestedatt--inbound"></a>
### Nested Schema for `inbound`

Optional:

- `failover_settings` (Attributes) Failover settings apply to all clients accessing the hostname defined in this section. While the configuration is set by the user on the server/service side,  TSB ensures that client proxies implement these settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--inbound--failover_settings))
- `rate_limiting` (Attributes) Configuration for rate limiting requests. Only applies to sidecars in traffic group today. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--inbound--rate_limiting))
- `resilience` (Attributes) Resiliency configuration for inbound connections. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--inbound--resilience))

<a id="nestedatt--inbound--failover_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `inbound.failover_settings`

Optional:

- `automatic_load_balancing` (Attributes) Settings for configuring automatic load balancing between clusters based on observed metrics. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--inbound--failover_settings--automatic_load_balancing))
- `failover_priority` (List of String) FailoverPriority specifies the failover priority for traffic. FailoverPriority is an ordered list of labels  used to sort endpoints to do priority based load balancing.  This is to support traffic failover across different groups of endpoints. Internally these labels will be matched on both the client and endpoints to determine the priorities for the respective endpoints based on clients. Note: For a label to be considered for match, the previous labels must match, i.e.  nth label would be considered matched only if first n-1 labels match. If for a particular client-endpoint pair, all the n labels match, the endpoint will be considered P(0).bool If first n-1 labels match, the endpoint will be considered P(1) and so on. For getting the labels to be populated on the endpoints generated by the TSB for multicluster and eastwest scenario,  you will need to label the kubernetes service of your gateway or east-west exposed service using a label with prefix `failover.tetrate.io/`.  For example `failover.tetrate.io/version=v1` should be the label present on the kubernetes service of remote gateway or exposed service for east west traffic. Example of failoverPriority using these labels: ```yaml failoverPriority: - "failover.tetrate.io/version=v1" - "failover.tetrate.io/domain" ``` Another way to label the endpoints for eastwest scenario is to create a ServiceRoute object for the service and specify the labels in the ServiceRoute object. If there is any pod with such label present in the remote cluster, the endpoints for it will have these labels and thus it could be used in failoverPriority API. For example: Suppose if one of your clusters has service reviews only with version v1 and a second cluster with reviews only with version v2, Then use the below serviceroute object to populate service labels to the endpoints dynamically:  ```yaml apiVersion: traffic.tsb.tetrate.io/v2 kind: ServiceRoute metadata:   name: reviews   group: t1   workspace: w1   tenant: mycompany   organization: myorg spec:   service: ns1/reviews.ns1.svc.cluster.local   subsets:   - name: v1     labels:       version: v1   - name: v2     labels:       version: v2 ``` Example of failoverPriority using these labels: ```yaml failoverPriority: - "version=v1" - "failover.tetrate.io/domain" ```
- `regional_failover` (Attributes List) Locality routing settings for all gateways in the Workspace/Organization for which this is defined. Explicitly specify the region traffic will land on when endpoints in the local region become unhealthy. Should be used together with OutlierDetection to detect unhealthy endpoints. Note: if no OutlierDetection specified, this will not take effect. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--inbound--failover_settings--regional_failover))
- `topology_choice` (String) TopologyChoice specifies the topology preference for traffic priority. If not specified, the default value is `CLUSTER`. If failoverPriority is specified then this value is ignored.

<a id="nestedatt--inbound--failover_settings--automatic_load_balancing"></a>
### Nested Schema for `inbound.failover_settings.automatic_load_balancing`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Attributes) Whether to enable automatic load balancing. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--inbound--failover_settings--automatic_load_balancing--enabled))

<a id="nestedatt--inbound--failover_settings--automatic_load_balancing--enabled"></a>
### Nested Schema for `inbound.failover_settings.automatic_load_balancing.enabled`

Optional:

- `value` (Boolean) The bool value.



<a id="nestedatt--inbound--failover_settings--regional_failover"></a>
### Nested Schema for `inbound.failover_settings.regional_failover`

Optional:

- `from` (String) Originating region.
- `to` (String) Destination region the traffic will fail over to when endpoints in the 'from' region become unhealthy.



<a id="nestedatt--inbound--rate_limiting"></a>
### Nested Schema for `inbound.rate_limiting`

Optional:

- `external_service` (Attributes) Configure ratelimiting using an external ratelimit server. This configuration only configures Envoy's ratelimit filters The user is expected to provision and configure their own external ratelimit server with the appropriate ratelimit values (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--inbound--rate_limiting--external_service))
- `local` (Attributes) Apply rate limits internally in the Envoy proxy. Envoy will manage the rate limiting buckets in memory. Each replica will have its own token bucket and apply rate limits independently. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--inbound--rate_limiting--local))
- `settings` (Attributes) Use Envoy and TSB's rateLimit server for ratelimiting HTTP Requests (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--inbound--rate_limiting--settings))

<a id="nestedatt--inbound--rate_limiting--external_service"></a>
### Nested Schema for `inbound.rate_limiting.external_service`

Required:

- `domain` (String) The rate limit domain to use when calling the rate limit service. Ratelimit settings are namespaced to a domain.
- `rate_limit_server_uri` (String) The URI at which the external rate limit server can be reached.
- `rules` (Attributes List) A set of rate limit rules. Each rule describes a list of dimension to match on. Once matched, a list of descriptors are sent to the external rate limit server (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--inbound--rate_limiting--external_service--rules))

Optional:

- `fail_closed` (Boolean) If the rate limit service is unavailable, the request will fail if failClosed is set to true. Defaults to false.
- `timeout` (Attributes) The timeout in seconds for the external rate limit server RPC. Defaults to 0.020 seconds (20ms). Traffic will not be allowed to the destination if failClosed is set to true and the request to the rate limit server times out. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--inbound--rate_limiting--external_service--timeout))
- `tls` (Attributes) Configure TLS parameters to be used when connecting to the external rate limit server. By default, the client will not validate the certificates it is presented with. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--inbound--rate_limiting--external_service--tls))

<a id="nestedatt--inbound--rate_limiting--external_service--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `inbound.rate_limiting.external_service.rules`

Required:

- `dimensions` (Attributes List) A list of dimensions that are to be applied for this rate limit configuration. Order matters as the dimensions are processed sequentially and the descriptor is composed by appending descriptor entries in that sequence. If the condition for a dimension is not satisfied and cannot append a descriptor entry, no descriptor list is generated for the entire setting. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--inbound--rate_limiting--external_service--rules--dimensions))

<a id="nestedatt--inbound--rate_limiting--external_service--rules--dimensions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `inbound.rate_limiting.external_service.rules.dimensions`

Optional:

- `destination_cluster` (Attributes) Rate limit on destination envoy cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--inbound--rate_limiting--external_service--rules--dimensions--destination_cluster))
- `header_value_match` (Attributes) Rate limit on the existence of certain request headers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--inbound--rate_limiting--external_service--rules--dimensions--header_value_match))
- `remote_address` (Attributes) Rate limit on remote address of client. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--inbound--rate_limiting--external_service--rules--dimensions--remote_address))
- `request_headers` (Attributes) Rate limit on the value of certain request headers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--inbound--rate_limiting--external_service--rules--dimensions--request_headers))
- `source_cluster` (Attributes) Rate limit on source envoy cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--inbound--rate_limiting--external_service--rules--dimensions--source_cluster))

<a id="nestedatt--inbound--rate_limiting--external_service--rules--dimensions--destination_cluster"></a>
### Nested Schema for `inbound.rate_limiting.external_service.rules.dimensions.destination_cluster`


<a id="nestedatt--inbound--rate_limiting--external_service--rules--dimensions--header_value_match"></a>
### Nested Schema for `inbound.rate_limiting.external_service.rules.dimensions.header_value_match`

Required:

- `descriptor_value` (String) The value to use in the descriptor entry.
- `headers` (Attributes Map) Specifies a set of headers that the rate limit action should match on. The action will check the request’s headers against all the specified headers in the config. A match will happen if all the headers in the config are present in the request with the same values (or based on presence if the value field is not in the config).  The header keys must be lowercase and use hyphen as the separator, e.g. x-request-id. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--inbound--rate_limiting--external_service--rules--dimensions--header_value_match--headers))

Optional:

- `dont_match` (Boolean) If set to true, the condition will be met when the header value does not match. Default value is false.

<a id="nestedatt--inbound--rate_limiting--external_service--rules--dimensions--header_value_match--headers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `inbound.rate_limiting.external_service.rules.dimensions.header_value_match.headers`

Optional:

- `exact` (String) Exact string match.
- `prefix` (String) Prefix-based match.
- `regex` (String) ECMAscript style regex-based match.



<a id="nestedatt--inbound--rate_limiting--external_service--rules--dimensions--remote_address"></a>
### Nested Schema for `inbound.rate_limiting.external_service.rules.dimensions.remote_address`


<a id="nestedatt--inbound--rate_limiting--external_service--rules--dimensions--request_headers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `inbound.rate_limiting.external_service.rules.dimensions.request_headers`

Required:

- `descriptor_key` (String) The key to use in the descriptor entry.
- `header_name` (String) The header name to be queried from the request headers. The header’s value is used to populate the value of the descriptor entry for the descriptor_key.


<a id="nestedatt--inbound--rate_limiting--external_service--rules--dimensions--source_cluster"></a>
### Nested Schema for `inbound.rate_limiting.external_service.rules.dimensions.source_cluster`




<a id="nestedatt--inbound--rate_limiting--external_service--timeout"></a>
### Nested Schema for `inbound.rate_limiting.external_service.timeout`

Optional:

- `nanos` (Number) Signed fractions of a second at nanosecond resolution of the span of time. Durations less than one second are represented with a 0 `seconds` field and a positive or negative `nanos` field. For durations of one second or more, a non-zero value for the `nanos` field must be of the same sign as the `seconds` field. Must be from -999,999,999 to +999,999,999 inclusive.
- `seconds` (Number) Signed seconds of the span of time. Must be from -315,576,000,000 to +315,576,000,000 inclusive. Note: these bounds are computed from: 60 sec/min * 60 min/hr * 24 hr/day * 365.25 days/year * 10000 years


<a id="nestedatt--inbound--rate_limiting--external_service--tls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `inbound.rate_limiting.external_service.tls`

Optional:

- `files` (Attributes) TLS key source from files. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--inbound--rate_limiting--external_service--tls--files))
- `mode` (String) Set this to DISABLED to disable TLS (not recommended from the security perspective), SIMPLE for one-way TLS and MUTUAL for mutual TLS (where client is required to present its certificate as well)
- `secret_name` (String) TLS key source from a Kubernetes Secret. This is applicable for gateway workloads.
- `subject_alt_names` (List of String) Subject alternative names is the list of names that are accepted as service name as part of TLS handshake

<a id="nestedatt--inbound--rate_limiting--external_service--tls--files"></a>
### Nested Schema for `inbound.rate_limiting.external_service.tls.files`

Optional:

- `ca_certificates` (String) File containing CA certificates to verify the certificates presented by the server. This is mandatory for both simple and mutual TLS. Here are some common paths for the system CA bundle on Linux and can be specified here if the server certificate is signed by a well known authority, already part of the system CA bundle on the host -    /etc/ssl/certs/ca-certificates.crt (Debian/Ubuntu/Gentoo etc.)   /etc/pki/ca-trust/extracted/pem/tls-ca-bundle.pem (CentOS/RHEL 7)   /etc/pki/tls/certs/ca-bundle.crt (Fedora/RHEL 6)
- `client_certificate` (String) Certificate file to authenticate the client. This is mandatory for mutual TLS and must not be specified for simple (one-way) TLS
- `private_key` (String) Private key file associated with the client certificate. This is mandatory for mutual TLS and must not be specified for simple TLS




<a id="nestedatt--inbound--rate_limiting--local"></a>
### Nested Schema for `inbound.rate_limiting.local`

Required:

- `rules` (Attributes List) A list of rules for ratelimiting. Each rule defines a list of dimensions to match on and the rate limit value for the rule. Each rule is independent of the other synonymous to having an OR relationship. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--inbound--rate_limiting--local--rules))

Optional:

- `max_wildcard_dimensions` (Attributes) The maximum number of unique values that will be kept for dimensions with a wildcard. This limits memory usage, when this number is reached, the least recently used entry will be dropped. If this is set too low, the rate limits will not apply to all users. Defaults to 20. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--inbound--rate_limiting--local--max_wildcard_dimensions))

<a id="nestedatt--inbound--rate_limiting--local--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `inbound.rate_limiting.local.rules`

Required:

- `dimensions` (Attributes List) A list of dimensions to define each ratelimit rule. Requests count towards the ratelimit value only when each and every dimension is matched for a given HTTP request synonymous to having an AND relationship. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--inbound--rate_limiting--local--rules--dimensions))
- `token_bucket` (Attributes) The ratelimit value that will be configured for the above rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--inbound--rate_limiting--local--rules--token_bucket))

<a id="nestedatt--inbound--rate_limiting--local--rules--dimensions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `inbound.rate_limiting.local.rules.dimensions`

Optional:

- `header` (Attributes) Rate limit on certain HTTP headers. Special header names such as `:path` and `:method` can also be used. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--inbound--rate_limiting--local--rules--dimensions--header))
- `remote_address` (Attributes) Rate limit on the remote address of client. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--inbound--rate_limiting--local--rules--dimensions--remote_address))

<a id="nestedatt--inbound--rate_limiting--local--rules--dimensions--header"></a>
### Nested Schema for `inbound.rate_limiting.local.rules.dimensions.header`

Required:

- `name` (Attributes) Name of the header to match on. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--inbound--rate_limiting--local--rules--dimensions--header--name))

Optional:

- `dont_match` (Attributes) If set to true, the condition will be met when the header value does not match. Default value is false. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--inbound--rate_limiting--local--rules--dimensions--header--dont_match))
- `value` (Attributes) Value of the header to match on if matching on a specific value. If not specified, ratelimit on every unique value of the header. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--inbound--rate_limiting--local--rules--dimensions--header--value))

<a id="nestedatt--inbound--rate_limiting--local--rules--dimensions--header--name"></a>
### Nested Schema for `inbound.rate_limiting.local.rules.dimensions.header.name`

Optional:

- `value` (String) The string value.


<a id="nestedatt--inbound--rate_limiting--local--rules--dimensions--header--dont_match"></a>
### Nested Schema for `inbound.rate_limiting.local.rules.dimensions.header.dont_match`

Optional:

- `value` (Boolean) The bool value.


<a id="nestedatt--inbound--rate_limiting--local--rules--dimensions--header--value"></a>
### Nested Schema for `inbound.rate_limiting.local.rules.dimensions.header.value`

Optional:

- `exact` (String) Exact string match.
- `prefix` (String) Prefix-based match.
- `regex` (String) ECMAscript style regex-based match.



<a id="nestedatt--inbound--rate_limiting--local--rules--dimensions--remote_address"></a>
### Nested Schema for `inbound.rate_limiting.local.rules.dimensions.remote_address`

Required:

- `value` (Attributes) Ratelimit on a specific remote address. If the value is set to "*", ratelimit on every unique remote address. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--inbound--rate_limiting--local--rules--dimensions--remote_address--value))

<a id="nestedatt--inbound--rate_limiting--local--rules--dimensions--remote_address--value"></a>
### Nested Schema for `inbound.rate_limiting.local.rules.dimensions.remote_address.value`

Optional:

- `value` (String) The string value.




<a id="nestedatt--inbound--rate_limiting--local--rules--token_bucket"></a>
### Nested Schema for `inbound.rate_limiting.local.rules.token_bucket`

Required:

- `fill_interval` (Attributes) The fill interval that tokens are added to the bucket. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--inbound--rate_limiting--local--rules--token_bucket--fill_interval))
- `max_tokens` (Attributes) The maximum tokens that the bucket can hold. This is also the number of tokens that the bucket initially contains. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--inbound--rate_limiting--local--rules--token_bucket--max_tokens))

Optional:

- `tokens_per_fill` (Attributes) The number of tokens added to the bucket during each fill interval. If not specified, defaults to a single token. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--inbound--rate_limiting--local--rules--token_bucket--tokens_per_fill))

<a id="nestedatt--inbound--rate_limiting--local--rules--token_bucket--fill_interval"></a>
### Nested Schema for `inbound.rate_limiting.local.rules.token_bucket.fill_interval`

Optional:

- `nanos` (Number) Signed fractions of a second at nanosecond resolution of the span of time. Durations less than one second are represented with a 0 `seconds` field and a positive or negative `nanos` field. For durations of one second or more, a non-zero value for the `nanos` field must be of the same sign as the `seconds` field. Must be from -999,999,999 to +999,999,999 inclusive.
- `seconds` (Number) Signed seconds of the span of time. Must be from -315,576,000,000 to +315,576,000,000 inclusive. Note: these bounds are computed from: 60 sec/min * 60 min/hr * 24 hr/day * 365.25 days/year * 10000 years


<a id="nestedatt--inbound--rate_limiting--local--rules--token_bucket--max_tokens"></a>
### Nested Schema for `inbound.rate_limiting.local.rules.token_bucket.max_tokens`

Optional:

- `value` (Number) The uint32 value.


<a id="nestedatt--inbound--rate_limiting--local--rules--token_bucket--tokens_per_fill"></a>
### Nested Schema for `inbound.rate_limiting.local.rules.token_bucket.tokens_per_fill`

Optional:

- `value` (Number) The uint32 value.




<a id="nestedatt--inbound--rate_limiting--local--max_wildcard_dimensions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `inbound.rate_limiting.local.max_wildcard_dimensions`

Optional:

- `value` (Number) The uint32 value.



<a id="nestedatt--inbound--rate_limiting--settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `inbound.rate_limiting.settings`

Required:

- `rules` (Attributes List) A list of rules for ratelimiting. Each rule defines a list of dimensions to match on and the rate limit value for the rule. Each rule is independant of the other. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--inbound--rate_limiting--settings--rules))

Optional:

- `fail_closed` (Boolean) If the rate limit service is unavailable, the request will fail if failClosed is set to true. Defaults to false.
- `timeout` (Attributes) The timeout in seconds for the rate limit server RPC. Defaults to 0.020 seconds (20ms). Traffic will not be allowed to the destination if failClosed is set to true and the request to the rate limit server times out. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--inbound--rate_limiting--settings--timeout))

<a id="nestedatt--inbound--rate_limiting--settings--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `inbound.rate_limiting.settings.rules`

Required:

- `dimensions` (Attributes List) A list of dimensions to define each ratelimit rule. Requests count towards the ratelimit value only when each and every condition in a dimension is matched for a given HTTP request. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--inbound--rate_limiting--settings--rules--dimensions))
- `limit` (Attributes) The ratelimit value that will be configured for the above rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--inbound--rate_limiting--settings--rules--limit))

<a id="nestedatt--inbound--rate_limiting--settings--rules--dimensions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `inbound.rate_limiting.settings.rules.dimensions`

Optional:

- `header` (Attributes) Rate limit on certain HTTP headers. Special header names such as `:path` and `:method` can also be used. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--inbound--rate_limiting--settings--rules--dimensions--header))
- `remote_address` (Attributes) Rate limit on the remote address of client. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--inbound--rate_limiting--settings--rules--dimensions--remote_address))

<a id="nestedatt--inbound--rate_limiting--settings--rules--dimensions--header"></a>
### Nested Schema for `inbound.rate_limiting.settings.rules.dimensions.header`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the header to match on.

Optional:

- `dont_match` (Boolean) If set to true, the condition will be met when the header value does not match. Default value is false.
- `value` (Attributes) Value of the header to match on if matching on a specific value. If not specified, ratelimit on every unique value of the header. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--inbound--rate_limiting--settings--rules--dimensions--header--value))

<a id="nestedatt--inbound--rate_limiting--settings--rules--dimensions--header--value"></a>
### Nested Schema for `inbound.rate_limiting.settings.rules.dimensions.header.value`

Optional:

- `exact` (String) Exact string match.
- `prefix` (String) Prefix-based match.
- `regex` (String) ECMAscript style regex-based match.



<a id="nestedatt--inbound--rate_limiting--settings--rules--dimensions--remote_address"></a>
### Nested Schema for `inbound.rate_limiting.settings.rules.dimensions.remote_address`

Required:

- `value` (String) Ratelimit on a specific remote address. If the value is set to "*", ratelimit on every unique remote address.



<a id="nestedatt--inbound--rate_limiting--settings--rules--limit"></a>
### Nested Schema for `inbound.rate_limiting.settings.rules.limit`

Required:

- `requests_per_unit` (Number) Specifies the value of the rate limit.
- `unit` (String) Specifies the unit of time for rate limit.



<a id="nestedatt--inbound--rate_limiting--settings--timeout"></a>
### Nested Schema for `inbound.rate_limiting.settings.timeout`

Optional:

- `nanos` (Number) Signed fractions of a second at nanosecond resolution of the span of time. Durations less than one second are represented with a 0 `seconds` field and a positive or negative `nanos` field. For durations of one second or more, a non-zero value for the `nanos` field must be of the same sign as the `seconds` field. Must be from -999,999,999 to +999,999,999 inclusive.
- `seconds` (Number) Signed seconds of the span of time. Must be from -315,576,000,000 to +315,576,000,000 inclusive. Note: these bounds are computed from: 60 sec/min * 60 min/hr * 24 hr/day * 365.25 days/year * 10000 years




<a id="nestedatt--inbound--resilience"></a>
### Nested Schema for `inbound.resilience`

Optional:

- `connection_pool` (Attributes) Configures tolerance and other settings for TCP/HTTP connections to the service. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--inbound--resilience--connection_pool))
- `mesh_timeout` (Attributes) Configures the max connection and stream durations for HTTP and TCP connections. This applies to the inbound connections at the Sidecars and Gateways coming from a mesh-internal service. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--inbound--resilience--mesh_timeout))

<a id="nestedatt--inbound--resilience--connection_pool"></a>
### Nested Schema for `inbound.resilience.connection_pool`

Optional:

- `tcp` (Attributes) TCP connection pool settings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--inbound--resilience--connection_pool--tcp))

<a id="nestedatt--inbound--resilience--connection_pool--tcp"></a>
### Nested Schema for `inbound.resilience.connection_pool.tcp`

Optional:

- `keep_alive` (Attributes) Keep Alive Settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--inbound--resilience--connection_pool--tcp--keep_alive))

<a id="nestedatt--inbound--resilience--connection_pool--tcp--keep_alive"></a>
### Nested Schema for `inbound.resilience.connection_pool.tcp.keep_alive`

Optional:

- `idle_time` (Attributes) The number of seconds a connection needs to be idle before keep-alive probes start being sent. Default is to use the OS level configuration, Linux defaults to 7200s. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--inbound--resilience--connection_pool--tcp--keep_alive--idle_time))
- `interval` (Attributes) The number of seconds between keep-alive probes. Default is to use the OS level configuration, Linux defaults to 75s. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--inbound--resilience--connection_pool--tcp--keep_alive--interval))
- `probes` (Attributes) The total number of unacknowledged probes to send before deciding the connection is dead. Default is to use the OS level configuration, Linux defaults to 9. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--inbound--resilience--connection_pool--tcp--keep_alive--probes))

<a id="nestedatt--inbound--resilience--connection_pool--tcp--keep_alive--idle_time"></a>
### Nested Schema for `inbound.resilience.connection_pool.tcp.keep_alive.idle_time`

Optional:

- `value` (Number) The uint32 value.


<a id="nestedatt--inbound--resilience--connection_pool--tcp--keep_alive--interval"></a>
### Nested Schema for `inbound.resilience.connection_pool.tcp.keep_alive.interval`

Optional:

- `value` (Number) The uint32 value.


<a id="nestedatt--inbound--resilience--connection_pool--tcp--keep_alive--probes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `inbound.resilience.connection_pool.tcp.keep_alive.probes`

Optional:

- `value` (Number) The uint32 value.





<a id="nestedatt--inbound--resilience--mesh_timeout"></a>
### Nested Schema for `inbound.resilience.mesh_timeout`

Optional:

- `max_connection_duration` (Attributes) This specifies the duration of time after which a downstream and upstream connection will be drained and/or closed, starting from when it was first established. If there are no active streams, the connection will be closed. If there are any active streams, the drain sequence will kick-in, and the connection will be force-closed after the drain period. The default value of max connection duration is 0 or unlimited, which means that the connections will never be closed due to aging. This setting applies to the entire HTTP connection and all streams (HTTP/2 and HTTP/3) the connection carries. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--inbound--resilience--mesh_timeout--max_connection_duration))
- `max_downstream_connection_duration` (Attributes) The maximum duration of a TCP connection. The duration is defined as the period since a connection was established. If not set, there is no max duration. When max_downstream_connection_duration is reached the connection will be closed. This can be used alongside with `max_connection_duration`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--inbound--resilience--mesh_timeout--max_downstream_connection_duration))
- `max_stream_duration` (Attributes) The max stream duration is the maximum time that a stream’s lifetime will span. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--inbound--resilience--mesh_timeout--max_stream_duration))
- `proxy_type` (String) Specifies the type of proxy to which to apply the mesh timeout settings. The default is to apply the settings to both Gateways and Sidecars.

<a id="nestedatt--inbound--resilience--mesh_timeout--max_connection_duration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `inbound.resilience.mesh_timeout.max_connection_duration`

Optional:

- `nanos` (Number) Signed fractions of a second at nanosecond resolution of the span of time. Durations less than one second are represented with a 0 `seconds` field and a positive or negative `nanos` field. For durations of one second or more, a non-zero value for the `nanos` field must be of the same sign as the `seconds` field. Must be from -999,999,999 to +999,999,999 inclusive.
- `seconds` (Number) Signed seconds of the span of time. Must be from -315,576,000,000 to +315,576,000,000 inclusive. Note: these bounds are computed from: 60 sec/min * 60 min/hr * 24 hr/day * 365.25 days/year * 10000 years


<a id="nestedatt--inbound--resilience--mesh_timeout--max_downstream_connection_duration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `inbound.resilience.mesh_timeout.max_downstream_connection_duration`

Optional:

- `nanos` (Number) Signed fractions of a second at nanosecond resolution of the span of time. Durations less than one second are represented with a 0 `seconds` field and a positive or negative `nanos` field. For durations of one second or more, a non-zero value for the `nanos` field must be of the same sign as the `seconds` field. Must be from -999,999,999 to +999,999,999 inclusive.
- `seconds` (Number) Signed seconds of the span of time. Must be from -315,576,000,000 to +315,576,000,000 inclusive. Note: these bounds are computed from: 60 sec/min * 60 min/hr * 24 hr/day * 365.25 days/year * 10000 years


<a id="nestedatt--inbound--resilience--mesh_timeout--max_stream_duration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `inbound.resilience.mesh_timeout.max_stream_duration`

Optional:

- `nanos` (Number) Signed fractions of a second at nanosecond resolution of the span of time. Durations less than one second are represented with a 0 `seconds` field and a positive or negative `nanos` field. For durations of one second or more, a non-zero value for the `nanos` field must be of the same sign as the `seconds` field. Must be from -999,999,999 to +999,999,999 inclusive.
- `seconds` (Number) Signed seconds of the span of time. Must be from -315,576,000,000 to +315,576,000,000 inclusive. Note: these bounds are computed from: 60 sec/min * 60 min/hr * 24 hr/day * 365.25 days/year * 10000 years





<a id="nestedatt--outbound"></a>
### Nested Schema for `outbound`

Optional:

- `egress` (Attributes) Specifies the details of the egress proxy to which traffic to services that are not part to the mesh should be forwarded to from the proxy workloads. If not specified, the proxy workloads will send this traffic directly to the IP requested by the application. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--outbound--egress))
- `reachability` (Attributes) The set of services and hosts accessed by a workload (and hence its sidecar) in the mesh. Defining the set of services accessed by a workload (i.e. its dependencies) in advance reduces the memory and CPU consumption both the Istio control plane and the individual Envoy proxy workloads in the data plane. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--outbound--reachability))
- `upstream_traffic_settings` (Attributes List) List of hosts and the associated traffic settings to be used by the clients sending traffic to them. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--outbound--upstream_traffic_settings))

<a id="nestedatt--outbound--egress"></a>
### Nested Schema for `outbound.egress`

Required:

- `host` (String) Specifies the egress gateway hostname. Must be in `<namespace>/<fqdn>` format.


<a id="nestedatt--outbound--reachability"></a>
### Nested Schema for `outbound.reachability`

Optional:

- `hosts` (List of String) When the mode is `CUSTOM`, `hosts` specify the set of services that the sidecar should be able to reach. Must be in the `<namespace>/<fqdn>` format. - `./*` indicates all services in the namespace where the sidecar resides. - `ns1/*` indicates all services in the `ns1` namespace. - `ns1/svc1.com` indicates `svc1.com` service in `ns1` namespace. - `*/svc1.com` indicates `svc1.com` service in any namespace.
- `mode` (String) A short cut for specifying the set of services accessed by the workload.


<a id="nestedatt--outbound--upstream_traffic_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `outbound.upstream_traffic_settings`

Optional:

- `hosts` (List of String) List of hosts for which the settings will be created. Can contain wildcard hosts. The host should be a service from the service registry or a host declared by ServiceEntries.
- `settings` (Attributes) A single setting to be applied to all the clients connecting to the upstream hosts. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--outbound--upstream_traffic_settings--settings))

<a id="nestedatt--outbound--upstream_traffic_settings--settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `outbound.upstream_traffic_settings.settings`

Optional:

- `authentication` (Attributes) Configuration for connection authentication parameters. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--outbound--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--authentication))
- `load_balancer` (Attributes) Load balancing settings for the clients. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--outbound--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--load_balancer))
- `resilience` (Attributes) Resilience settings for the clients. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--outbound--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--resilience))

<a id="nestedatt--outbound--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--authentication"></a>
### Nested Schema for `outbound.upstream_traffic_settings.settings.authentication`

Optional:

- `traffic_mode` (String) If set to `REQUIRED`, client sidecars under this configuration will be configured to initiate mTLS connections using mesh-generated client certificates to services that do not have a sidecar injected.


<a id="nestedatt--outbound--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--load_balancer"></a>
### Nested Schema for `outbound.upstream_traffic_settings.settings.load_balancer`

Optional:

- `consistent_hash` (Attributes) Use consistent hash load balancing which can provide soft session affinity. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--outbound--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--load_balancer--consistent_hash))
- `simple` (String) Use standard load balancing algorithms that require no tuning.

<a id="nestedatt--outbound--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--load_balancer--consistent_hash"></a>
### Nested Schema for `outbound.upstream_traffic_settings.settings.load_balancer.consistent_hash`

Optional:

- `http_cookie` (Attributes) Hash based on HTTP cookie. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--outbound--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--load_balancer--consistent_hash--http_cookie))
- `http_header_name` (String) Hash based on a specific HTTP header.
- `http_query_parameter_name` (String) Hash based on a specific HTTP query parameter.
- `maglev` (Attributes) The Maglev load balancer implements consistent hashing to backend hosts. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--outbound--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--load_balancer--consistent_hash--maglev))
- `ring_hash` (Attributes) The ring/modulo hash load balancer implements consistent hashing to backend hosts. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--outbound--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--load_balancer--consistent_hash--ring_hash))
- `use_source_ip` (Boolean) Hash based on the source IP address. This is applicable for both TCP and HTTP connections.

<a id="nestedatt--outbound--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--load_balancer--consistent_hash--http_cookie"></a>
### Nested Schema for `outbound.upstream_traffic_settings.settings.load_balancer.consistent_hash.http_cookie`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the cookie.
- `ttl` (Attributes) Lifetime of the cookie. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--outbound--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--load_balancer--consistent_hash--http_cookie--ttl))

Optional:

- `path` (String) Path to set for the cookie.

<a id="nestedatt--outbound--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--load_balancer--consistent_hash--http_cookie--ttl"></a>
### Nested Schema for `outbound.upstream_traffic_settings.settings.load_balancer.consistent_hash.http_cookie.ttl`

Optional:

- `nanos` (Number) Signed fractions of a second at nanosecond resolution of the span of time. Durations less than one second are represented with a 0 `seconds` field and a positive or negative `nanos` field. For durations of one second or more, a non-zero value for the `nanos` field must be of the same sign as the `seconds` field. Must be from -999,999,999 to +999,999,999 inclusive.
- `seconds` (Number) Signed seconds of the span of time. Must be from -315,576,000,000 to +315,576,000,000 inclusive. Note: these bounds are computed from: 60 sec/min * 60 min/hr * 24 hr/day * 365.25 days/year * 10000 years



<a id="nestedatt--outbound--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--load_balancer--consistent_hash--maglev"></a>
### Nested Schema for `outbound.upstream_traffic_settings.settings.load_balancer.consistent_hash.maglev`

Required:

- `table_size` (Number) The table size for Maglev hashing. This helps in controlling the disruption when the backend hosts change. Increasing the table size reduces the amount of disruption.


<a id="nestedatt--outbound--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--load_balancer--consistent_hash--ring_hash"></a>
### Nested Schema for `outbound.upstream_traffic_settings.settings.load_balancer.consistent_hash.ring_hash`

Optional:

- `minimum_ring_size` (Number) The minimum number of virtual nodes to use for the hash ring. Defaults to 1024. Larger ring sizes result in more granular load distributions. If the number of hosts in the load balancing pool is larger than the ring size, each host will be assigned a single virtual node.




<a id="nestedatt--outbound--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--resilience"></a>
### Nested Schema for `outbound.upstream_traffic_settings.settings.resilience`

Optional:

- `circuit_breaker_sensitivity` (String) Circuit breakers in Envoy are applied per endpoint in a load balancing pool. By default, circuit breakers are disabled. If set, the sensitivity level determines the maximum number of consecutive failures that Envoy will tolerate before ejecting an endpoint from the load balancing pool.
- `connection_pool` (Attributes) Configures tolerance and other settings for TCP/HTTP connections to the service. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--outbound--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--resilience--connection_pool))
- `outlier_detection` (Attributes) Outlier detection settings for the upstream host when custom mode is used. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--outbound--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--resilience--outlier_detection))

<a id="nestedatt--outbound--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--resilience--connection_pool"></a>
### Nested Schema for `outbound.upstream_traffic_settings.settings.resilience.connection_pool`

Optional:

- `http` (Attributes) HTTP connection pool settings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--outbound--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--resilience--connection_pool--http))
- `tcp` (Attributes) TCP connection pool settings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--outbound--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--resilience--connection_pool--tcp))

<a id="nestedatt--outbound--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--resilience--connection_pool--http"></a>
### Nested Schema for `outbound.upstream_traffic_settings.settings.resilience.connection_pool.http`

Optional:

- `max_requests` (Number) Maximum number of active requests to the service. Applicable to both HTTP/1.1 and HTTP2. Default 0, meaning "unlimited", up to 2^32 - 1.
- `max_requests_per_connection` (Number) Maximum number of requests per connection to the service. If set to 1, it disables keep alive. Default 0, meaning "unlimited", up to 2^29.
- `request_timeout` (Attributes) Timeout for HTTP requests. format: 1h/1m/1s/1ms. MUST BE >=1ms. Disabled if not set. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--outbound--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--resilience--connection_pool--http--request_timeout))
- `retries` (Attributes) Retry policy for HTTP requests. Retries are NOT disabled when this is unset: a default policy is applied (2 attempts with the default retry condition "reset,connect-failure,refused-stream,unavailable,cancelled,retriable-status-codes,503"). Supplying retries without an explicit `retryOn` still applies that default condition. Set `attempts` to 0 to disable automatic retries. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--outbound--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--resilience--connection_pool--http--retries))

<a id="nestedatt--outbound--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--resilience--connection_pool--http--request_timeout"></a>
### Nested Schema for `outbound.upstream_traffic_settings.settings.resilience.connection_pool.http.request_timeout`

Optional:

- `nanos` (Number) Signed fractions of a second at nanosecond resolution of the span of time. Durations less than one second are represented with a 0 `seconds` field and a positive or negative `nanos` field. For durations of one second or more, a non-zero value for the `nanos` field must be of the same sign as the `seconds` field. Must be from -999,999,999 to +999,999,999 inclusive.
- `seconds` (Number) Signed seconds of the span of time. Must be from -315,576,000,000 to +315,576,000,000 inclusive. Note: these bounds are computed from: 60 sec/min * 60 min/hr * 24 hr/day * 365.25 days/year * 10000 years


<a id="nestedatt--outbound--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--resilience--connection_pool--http--retries"></a>
### Nested Schema for `outbound.upstream_traffic_settings.settings.resilience.connection_pool.http.retries`

Required:

- `attempts` (Number) Number of retries for a given request. The interval between retries will be determined automatically (25ms+). Actual number of retries attempted depends on the httpReqTimeout.

Optional:

- `per_try_timeout` (Attributes) Timeout per retry attempt for a given request. format: 1h/1m/1s/1ms. MUST BE >=1ms. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--outbound--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--resilience--connection_pool--http--retries--per_try_timeout))
- `retry_back_off` (Attributes) Specifies the parameters that controls the interval between retry attempts, i.e., how soon the next retry should be attempted after a failure. The back-off interval for the N-th retry is chosen randomly in the range: [0, min((2^N - 1)* B, max_interval)] where B is the base_interval. The interval increases exponentially with each attempt, but is capped at max_interval. Example (B = 25ms, max_interval = 250ms): 1st retry: randomly delayed between 0–24ms 2nd retry: randomly delayed between 0–74ms 3rd retry: randomly delayed between 0–174ms …and so on. Maximum delay is capped at 250ms. This field is optional. If unset, the default base_interval is 25ms which is sufficient for most fast-fail retry scenarios. The default value of max_interval is 10 times the base_interval. You may want to configure this value specific to your retry strategy, for example: - Retries occur before Envoy finishes ejecting a failed endpoint, causing wasted attempts. A larger backoff helps avoid this. - The backend is slow or rate-limited and needs more recovery time between requests. See [envoy retry algorithm](https://www.envoyproxy.io/docs/envoy/latest/configuration/http/http_filters/router_filter#config-http-filters-router-x-envoy-max-retries) for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--outbound--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--resilience--connection_pool--http--retries--retry_back_off))
- `retry_on` (String) Specifies the conditions under which retry takes place. One or more policies can be specified using a ‘,’ delimited list. See the [retry policies](https://www.envoyproxy.io/docs/envoy/latest/configuration/http/http_filters/router_filter#x-envoy-retry-on) and [gRPC retry policies](https://www.envoyproxy.io/docs/envoy/latest/configuration/http/http_filters/router_filter#x-envoy-retry-grpc-on) for more details.

<a id="nestedatt--outbound--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--resilience--connection_pool--http--retries--per_try_timeout"></a>
### Nested Schema for `outbound.upstream_traffic_settings.settings.resilience.connection_pool.http.retries.per_try_timeout`

Optional:

- `nanos` (Number) Signed fractions of a second at nanosecond resolution of the span of time. Durations less than one second are represented with a 0 `seconds` field and a positive or negative `nanos` field. For durations of one second or more, a non-zero value for the `nanos` field must be of the same sign as the `seconds` field. Must be from -999,999,999 to +999,999,999 inclusive.
- `seconds` (Number) Signed seconds of the span of time. Must be from -315,576,000,000 to +315,576,000,000 inclusive. Note: these bounds are computed from: 60 sec/min * 60 min/hr * 24 hr/day * 365.25 days/year * 10000 years


<a id="nestedatt--outbound--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--resilience--connection_pool--http--retries--retry_back_off"></a>
### Nested Schema for `outbound.upstream_traffic_settings.settings.resilience.connection_pool.http.retries.retry_back_off`

Required:

- `base_interval` (Attributes) The base interval between retry attempts. This parameter is required and must be greater than zero. Values less than 1 ms are rounded up to 1 ms. The default value is 25ms. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--outbound--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--resilience--connection_pool--http--retries--retry_back_off--base_interval))

Optional:

- `max_interval` (Attributes) The maximum interval between retry attempts. This parameter is optional but must be greater than or equal to base_interval if set. The default is 10 times the base_interval. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--outbound--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--resilience--connection_pool--http--retries--retry_back_off--max_interval))

<a id="nestedatt--outbound--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--resilience--connection_pool--http--retries--retry_back_off--base_interval"></a>
### Nested Schema for `outbound.upstream_traffic_settings.settings.resilience.connection_pool.http.retries.retry_back_off.base_interval`

Optional:

- `nanos` (Number) Signed fractions of a second at nanosecond resolution of the span of time. Durations less than one second are represented with a 0 `seconds` field and a positive or negative `nanos` field. For durations of one second or more, a non-zero value for the `nanos` field must be of the same sign as the `seconds` field. Must be from -999,999,999 to +999,999,999 inclusive.
- `seconds` (Number) Signed seconds of the span of time. Must be from -315,576,000,000 to +315,576,000,000 inclusive. Note: these bounds are computed from: 60 sec/min * 60 min/hr * 24 hr/day * 365.25 days/year * 10000 years


<a id="nestedatt--outbound--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--resilience--connection_pool--http--retries--retry_back_off--max_interval"></a>
### Nested Schema for `outbound.upstream_traffic_settings.settings.resilience.connection_pool.http.retries.retry_back_off.max_interval`

Optional:

- `nanos` (Number) Signed fractions of a second at nanosecond resolution of the span of time. Durations less than one second are represented with a 0 `seconds` field and a positive or negative `nanos` field. For durations of one second or more, a non-zero value for the `nanos` field must be of the same sign as the `seconds` field. Must be from -999,999,999 to +999,999,999 inclusive.
- `seconds` (Number) Signed seconds of the span of time. Must be from -315,576,000,000 to +315,576,000,000 inclusive. Note: these bounds are computed from: 60 sec/min * 60 min/hr * 24 hr/day * 365.25 days/year * 10000 years





<a id="nestedatt--outbound--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--resilience--connection_pool--tcp"></a>
### Nested Schema for `outbound.upstream_traffic_settings.settings.resilience.connection_pool.tcp`

Optional:

- `connect_timeout` (Attributes) TCP connection timeout. format: 1h/1m/1s/1ms. MUST BE >=1ms. Default is 10s. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--outbound--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--resilience--connection_pool--tcp--connect_timeout))
- `keep_alive` (Attributes) Keep Alive Settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--outbound--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--resilience--connection_pool--tcp--keep_alive))
- `max_connections` (Number) Maximum number of HTTP1 /TCP connections to the service. Default 0, meaning "unlimited", up to 2^32 - 1.

<a id="nestedatt--outbound--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--resilience--connection_pool--tcp--connect_timeout"></a>
### Nested Schema for `outbound.upstream_traffic_settings.settings.resilience.connection_pool.tcp.connect_timeout`

Optional:

- `nanos` (Number) Signed fractions of a second at nanosecond resolution of the span of time. Durations less than one second are represented with a 0 `seconds` field and a positive or negative `nanos` field. For durations of one second or more, a non-zero value for the `nanos` field must be of the same sign as the `seconds` field. Must be from -999,999,999 to +999,999,999 inclusive.
- `seconds` (Number) Signed seconds of the span of time. Must be from -315,576,000,000 to +315,576,000,000 inclusive. Note: these bounds are computed from: 60 sec/min * 60 min/hr * 24 hr/day * 365.25 days/year * 10000 years


<a id="nestedatt--outbound--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--resilience--connection_pool--tcp--keep_alive"></a>
### Nested Schema for `outbound.upstream_traffic_settings.settings.resilience.connection_pool.tcp.keep_alive`

Optional:

- `idle_time` (Attributes) The number of seconds a connection needs to be idle before keep-alive probes start being sent. Default is to use the OS level configuration, Linux defaults to 7200s. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--outbound--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--resilience--connection_pool--tcp--keep_alive--idle_time))
- `interval` (Attributes) The number of seconds between keep-alive probes. Default is to use the OS level configuration, Linux defaults to 75s. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--outbound--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--resilience--connection_pool--tcp--keep_alive--interval))
- `probes` (Attributes) The total number of unacknowledged probes to send before deciding the connection is dead. Default is to use the OS level configuration, Linux defaults to 9. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--outbound--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--resilience--connection_pool--tcp--keep_alive--probes))

<a id="nestedatt--outbound--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--resilience--connection_pool--tcp--keep_alive--idle_time"></a>
### Nested Schema for `outbound.upstream_traffic_settings.settings.resilience.connection_pool.tcp.keep_alive.idle_time`

Optional:

- `value` (Number) The uint32 value.


<a id="nestedatt--outbound--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--resilience--connection_pool--tcp--keep_alive--interval"></a>
### Nested Schema for `outbound.upstream_traffic_settings.settings.resilience.connection_pool.tcp.keep_alive.interval`

Optional:

- `value` (Number) The uint32 value.


<a id="nestedatt--outbound--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--resilience--connection_pool--tcp--keep_alive--probes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `outbound.upstream_traffic_settings.settings.resilience.connection_pool.tcp.keep_alive.probes`

Optional:

- `value` (Number) The uint32 value.





<a id="nestedatt--outbound--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--resilience--outlier_detection"></a>
### Nested Schema for `outbound.upstream_traffic_settings.settings.resilience.outlier_detection`

Optional:

- `base_ejection_time` (Attributes) The base time that a host is ejected for. The real time is equal to the base time multiplied by the number of times the host has been ejected. Defaults to 30000ms or 30s. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--outbound--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--resilience--outlier_detection--base_ejection_time))
- `consecutive_5_xx` (Attributes) The number of consecutive server-side error responses (for HTTP traffic, 5xx responses; for TCP traffic, connection failures; for Redis, failure to respond PONG; etc.) before a consecutive 5xx ejection occurs. Defaults to 5. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--outbound--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--resilience--outlier_detection--consecutive_5_xx))
- `consecutive_gateway_failure` (Attributes) The number of consecutive gateway failures (502, 503, 504 status codes) before a consecutive gateway failure ejection occurs. Defaults to circuitBreakerSensitivity of MEDIUM(5) in TSB. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--outbound--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--resilience--outlier_detection--consecutive_gateway_failure))
- `consecutive_local_origin_failure` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--outbound--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--resilience--outlier_detection--consecutive_local_origin_failure))
- `enforcing_consecutive_5_xx` (Attributes) The percentage of a host to be actually ejected when an outlier status is detected through consecutive 5xx. This setting can be used to disable ejection or to ramp it up slowly. Defaults to 0 in TSB. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--outbound--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--resilience--outlier_detection--enforcing_consecutive_5_xx))
- `enforcing_consecutive_gateway_failure` (Attributes) The percentage of a host to be ejected when an outlier status is detected through consecutive gateway failures. This setting can be used to disable ejection or to ramp it up slowly. Defaults to 100 in TSB. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--outbound--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--resilience--outlier_detection--enforcing_consecutive_gateway_failure))
- `enforcing_consecutive_local_origin_failure` (Attributes) The percentage of a host to be actually ejected when an outlier status is detected through consecutive locally originated failures. This setting can be used to disable ejection or to ramp it up slowly. Defaults to 100. Parameter takes effect only when splitExternalLocalOriginErrors is set to true. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--outbound--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--resilience--outlier_detection--enforcing_consecutive_local_origin_failure))
- `interval` (Attributes) The time interval between ejection analysis sweeps. This can result in both new ejections as well as hosts being returned to service. Defaults to 10000ms or 10s. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--outbound--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--resilience--outlier_detection--interval))
- `max_ejection_percent` (Attributes) The maximum % of an upstream cluster that can be ejected due to outlier detection. Defaults to 100%. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--outbound--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--resilience--outlier_detection--max_ejection_percent))
- `max_ejection_time` (Attributes) The maximum time that a host is ejected for. If not specified, the default value (300000ms or 300s) or baseEjectionTime value is applied, whatever is larger. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--outbound--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--resilience--outlier_detection--max_ejection_time))
- `split_external_local_origin_errors` (Boolean) Determines whether to distinguish local origin failures from external errors. Local Origin Failures are errors that occur within the Envoy process itself,  before the request is actually sent to the upstream host. example of these are connection timeout, TCP reset etc. External errors are errors that occur after the request is sent to the upstream host. example of these are 5xx errors, connection refused etc. If set to true, consecutiveLocalOriginFailure and enforcingConsecutiveLocalOriginFailure will be taken into account. Defaults to false.

<a id="nestedatt--outbound--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--resilience--outlier_detection--base_ejection_time"></a>
### Nested Schema for `outbound.upstream_traffic_settings.settings.resilience.outlier_detection.base_ejection_time`

Optional:

- `nanos` (Number) Signed fractions of a second at nanosecond resolution of the span of time. Durations less than one second are represented with a 0 `seconds` field and a positive or negative `nanos` field. For durations of one second or more, a non-zero value for the `nanos` field must be of the same sign as the `seconds` field. Must be from -999,999,999 to +999,999,999 inclusive.
- `seconds` (Number) Signed seconds of the span of time. Must be from -315,576,000,000 to +315,576,000,000 inclusive. Note: these bounds are computed from: 60 sec/min * 60 min/hr * 24 hr/day * 365.25 days/year * 10000 years


<a id="nestedatt--outbound--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--resilience--outlier_detection--consecutive_5_xx"></a>
### Nested Schema for `outbound.upstream_traffic_settings.settings.resilience.outlier_detection.consecutive_5_xx`

Optional:

- `value` (Number) The uint32 value.


<a id="nestedatt--outbound--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--resilience--outlier_detection--consecutive_gateway_failure"></a>
### Nested Schema for `outbound.upstream_traffic_settings.settings.resilience.outlier_detection.consecutive_gateway_failure`

Optional:

- `value` (Number) The uint32 value.


<a id="nestedatt--outbound--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--resilience--outlier_detection--consecutive_local_origin_failure"></a>
### Nested Schema for `outbound.upstream_traffic_settings.settings.resilience.outlier_detection.consecutive_local_origin_failure`

Optional:

- `value` (Number) The uint32 value.


<a id="nestedatt--outbound--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--resilience--outlier_detection--enforcing_consecutive_5_xx"></a>
### Nested Schema for `outbound.upstream_traffic_settings.settings.resilience.outlier_detection.enforcing_consecutive_5_xx`

Optional:

- `value` (Number) The uint32 value.


<a id="nestedatt--outbound--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--resilience--outlier_detection--enforcing_consecutive_gateway_failure"></a>
### Nested Schema for `outbound.upstream_traffic_settings.settings.resilience.outlier_detection.enforcing_consecutive_gateway_failure`

Optional:

- `value` (Number) The uint32 value.


<a id="nestedatt--outbound--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--resilience--outlier_detection--enforcing_consecutive_local_origin_failure"></a>
### Nested Schema for `outbound.upstream_traffic_settings.settings.resilience.outlier_detection.enforcing_consecutive_local_origin_failure`

Optional:

- `value` (Number) The uint32 value.


<a id="nestedatt--outbound--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--resilience--outlier_detection--interval"></a>
### Nested Schema for `outbound.upstream_traffic_settings.settings.resilience.outlier_detection.interval`

Optional:

- `nanos` (Number) Signed fractions of a second at nanosecond resolution of the span of time. Durations less than one second are represented with a 0 `seconds` field and a positive or negative `nanos` field. For durations of one second or more, a non-zero value for the `nanos` field must be of the same sign as the `seconds` field. Must be from -999,999,999 to +999,999,999 inclusive.
- `seconds` (Number) Signed seconds of the span of time. Must be from -315,576,000,000 to +315,576,000,000 inclusive. Note: these bounds are computed from: 60 sec/min * 60 min/hr * 24 hr/day * 365.25 days/year * 10000 years


<a id="nestedatt--outbound--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--resilience--outlier_detection--max_ejection_percent"></a>
### Nested Schema for `outbound.upstream_traffic_settings.settings.resilience.outlier_detection.max_ejection_percent`

Optional:

- `value` (Number) The uint32 value.


<a id="nestedatt--outbound--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--resilience--outlier_detection--max_ejection_time"></a>
### Nested Schema for `outbound.upstream_traffic_settings.settings.resilience.outlier_detection.max_ejection_time`

Optional:

- `nanos` (Number) Signed fractions of a second at nanosecond resolution of the span of time. Durations less than one second are represented with a 0 `seconds` field and a positive or negative `nanos` field. For durations of one second or more, a non-zero value for the `nanos` field must be of the same sign as the `seconds` field. Must be from -999,999,999 to +999,999,999 inclusive.
- `seconds` (Number) Signed seconds of the span of time. Must be from -315,576,000,000 to +315,576,000,000 inclusive. Note: these bounds are computed from: 60 sec/min * 60 min/hr * 24 hr/day * 365.25 days/year * 10000 years







<a id="nestedatt--rate_limiting"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rate_limiting`

Optional:

- `external_service` (Attributes) Configure ratelimiting using an external ratelimit server. This configuration only configures Envoy's ratelimit filters The user is expected to provision and configure their own external ratelimit server with the appropriate ratelimit values (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rate_limiting--external_service))
- `local` (Attributes) Apply rate limits internally in the Envoy proxy. Envoy will manage the rate limiting buckets in memory. Each replica will have its own token bucket and apply rate limits independently. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rate_limiting--local))
- `settings` (Attributes) Use Envoy and TSB's rateLimit server for ratelimiting HTTP Requests (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rate_limiting--settings))

<a id="nestedatt--rate_limiting--external_service"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rate_limiting.external_service`

Required:

- `domain` (String) The rate limit domain to use when calling the rate limit service. Ratelimit settings are namespaced to a domain.
- `rate_limit_server_uri` (String) The URI at which the external rate limit server can be reached.
- `rules` (Attributes List) A set of rate limit rules. Each rule describes a list of dimension to match on. Once matched, a list of descriptors are sent to the external rate limit server (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rate_limiting--external_service--rules))

Optional:

- `fail_closed` (Boolean) If the rate limit service is unavailable, the request will fail if failClosed is set to true. Defaults to false.
- `timeout` (Attributes) The timeout in seconds for the external rate limit server RPC. Defaults to 0.020 seconds (20ms). Traffic will not be allowed to the destination if failClosed is set to true and the request to the rate limit server times out. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rate_limiting--external_service--timeout))
- `tls` (Attributes) Configure TLS parameters to be used when connecting to the external rate limit server. By default, the client will not validate the certificates it is presented with. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rate_limiting--external_service--tls))

<a id="nestedatt--rate_limiting--external_service--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rate_limiting.external_service.rules`

Required:

- `dimensions` (Attributes List) A list of dimensions that are to be applied for this rate limit configuration. Order matters as the dimensions are processed sequentially and the descriptor is composed by appending descriptor entries in that sequence. If the condition for a dimension is not satisfied and cannot append a descriptor entry, no descriptor list is generated for the entire setting. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rate_limiting--external_service--rules--dimensions))

<a id="nestedatt--rate_limiting--external_service--rules--dimensions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rate_limiting.external_service.rules.dimensions`

Optional:

- `destination_cluster` (Attributes) Rate limit on destination envoy cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rate_limiting--external_service--rules--dimensions--destination_cluster))
- `header_value_match` (Attributes) Rate limit on the existence of certain request headers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rate_limiting--external_service--rules--dimensions--header_value_match))
- `remote_address` (Attributes) Rate limit on remote address of client. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rate_limiting--external_service--rules--dimensions--remote_address))
- `request_headers` (Attributes) Rate limit on the value of certain request headers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rate_limiting--external_service--rules--dimensions--request_headers))
- `source_cluster` (Attributes) Rate limit on source envoy cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rate_limiting--external_service--rules--dimensions--source_cluster))

<a id="nestedatt--rate_limiting--external_service--rules--dimensions--destination_cluster"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rate_limiting.external_service.rules.dimensions.destination_cluster`


<a id="nestedatt--rate_limiting--external_service--rules--dimensions--header_value_match"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rate_limiting.external_service.rules.dimensions.header_value_match`

Required:

- `descriptor_value` (String) The value to use in the descriptor entry.
- `headers` (Attributes Map) Specifies a set of headers that the rate limit action should match on. The action will check the request’s headers against all the specified headers in the config. A match will happen if all the headers in the config are present in the request with the same values (or based on presence if the value field is not in the config).  The header keys must be lowercase and use hyphen as the separator, e.g. x-request-id. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rate_limiting--external_service--rules--dimensions--header_value_match--headers))

Optional:

- `dont_match` (Boolean) If set to true, the condition will be met when the header value does not match. Default value is false.

<a id="nestedatt--rate_limiting--external_service--rules--dimensions--header_value_match--headers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rate_limiting.external_service.rules.dimensions.header_value_match.headers`

Optional:

- `exact` (String) Exact string match.
- `prefix` (String) Prefix-based match.
- `regex` (String) ECMAscript style regex-based match.



<a id="nestedatt--rate_limiting--external_service--rules--dimensions--remote_address"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rate_limiting.external_service.rules.dimensions.remote_address`


<a id="nestedatt--rate_limiting--external_service--rules--dimensions--request_headers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rate_limiting.external_service.rules.dimensions.request_headers`

Required:

- `descriptor_key` (String) The key to use in the descriptor entry.
- `header_name` (String) The header name to be queried from the request headers. The header’s value is used to populate the value of the descriptor entry for the descriptor_key.


<a id="nestedatt--rate_limiting--external_service--rules--dimensions--source_cluster"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rate_limiting.external_service.rules.dimensions.source_cluster`




<a id="nestedatt--rate_limiting--external_service--timeout"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rate_limiting.external_service.timeout`

Optional:

- `nanos` (Number) Signed fractions of a second at nanosecond resolution of the span of time. Durations less than one second are represented with a 0 `seconds` field and a positive or negative `nanos` field. For durations of one second or more, a non-zero value for the `nanos` field must be of the same sign as the `seconds` field. Must be from -999,999,999 to +999,999,999 inclusive.
- `seconds` (Number) Signed seconds of the span of time. Must be from -315,576,000,000 to +315,576,000,000 inclusive. Note: these bounds are computed from: 60 sec/min * 60 min/hr * 24 hr/day * 365.25 days/year * 10000 years


<a id="nestedatt--rate_limiting--external_service--tls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rate_limiting.external_service.tls`

Optional:

- `files` (Attributes) TLS key source from files. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rate_limiting--external_service--tls--files))
- `mode` (String) Set this to DISABLED to disable TLS (not recommended from the security perspective), SIMPLE for one-way TLS and MUTUAL for mutual TLS (where client is required to present its certificate as well)
- `secret_name` (String) TLS key source from a Kubernetes Secret. This is applicable for gateway workloads.
- `subject_alt_names` (List of String) Subject alternative names is the list of names that are accepted as service name as part of TLS handshake

<a id="nestedatt--rate_limiting--external_service--tls--files"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rate_limiting.external_service.tls.files`

Optional:

- `ca_certificates` (String) File containing CA certificates to verify the certificates presented by the server. This is mandatory for both simple and mutual TLS. Here are some common paths for the system CA bundle on Linux and can be specified here if the server certificate is signed by a well known authority, already part of the system CA bundle on the host -    /etc/ssl/certs/ca-certificates.crt (Debian/Ubuntu/Gentoo etc.)   /etc/pki/ca-trust/extracted/pem/tls-ca-bundle.pem (CentOS/RHEL 7)   /etc/pki/tls/certs/ca-bundle.crt (Fedora/RHEL 6)
- `client_certificate` (String) Certificate file to authenticate the client. This is mandatory for mutual TLS and must not be specified for simple (one-way) TLS
- `private_key` (String) Private key file associated with the client certificate. This is mandatory for mutual TLS and must not be specified for simple TLS




<a id="nestedatt--rate_limiting--local"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rate_limiting.local`

Required:

- `rules` (Attributes List) A list of rules for ratelimiting. Each rule defines a list of dimensions to match on and the rate limit value for the rule. Each rule is independent of the other synonymous to having an OR relationship. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rate_limiting--local--rules))

Optional:

- `max_wildcard_dimensions` (Attributes) The maximum number of unique values that will be kept for dimensions with a wildcard. This limits memory usage, when this number is reached, the least recently used entry will be dropped. If this is set too low, the rate limits will not apply to all users. Defaults to 20. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rate_limiting--local--max_wildcard_dimensions))

<a id="nestedatt--rate_limiting--local--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rate_limiting.local.rules`

Required:

- `dimensions` (Attributes List) A list of dimensions to define each ratelimit rule. Requests count towards the ratelimit value only when each and every dimension is matched for a given HTTP request synonymous to having an AND relationship. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rate_limiting--local--rules--dimensions))
- `token_bucket` (Attributes) The ratelimit value that will be configured for the above rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rate_limiting--local--rules--token_bucket))

<a id="nestedatt--rate_limiting--local--rules--dimensions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rate_limiting.local.rules.dimensions`

Optional:

- `header` (Attributes) Rate limit on certain HTTP headers. Special header names such as `:path` and `:method` can also be used. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rate_limiting--local--rules--dimensions--header))
- `remote_address` (Attributes) Rate limit on the remote address of client. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rate_limiting--local--rules--dimensions--remote_address))

<a id="nestedatt--rate_limiting--local--rules--dimensions--header"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rate_limiting.local.rules.dimensions.header`

Required:

- `name` (Attributes) Name of the header to match on. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rate_limiting--local--rules--dimensions--header--name))

Optional:

- `dont_match` (Attributes) If set to true, the condition will be met when the header value does not match. Default value is false. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rate_limiting--local--rules--dimensions--header--dont_match))
- `value` (Attributes) Value of the header to match on if matching on a specific value. If not specified, ratelimit on every unique value of the header. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rate_limiting--local--rules--dimensions--header--value))

<a id="nestedatt--rate_limiting--local--rules--dimensions--header--name"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rate_limiting.local.rules.dimensions.header.name`

Optional:

- `value` (String) The string value.


<a id="nestedatt--rate_limiting--local--rules--dimensions--header--dont_match"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rate_limiting.local.rules.dimensions.header.dont_match`

Optional:

- `value` (Boolean) The bool value.


<a id="nestedatt--rate_limiting--local--rules--dimensions--header--value"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rate_limiting.local.rules.dimensions.header.value`

Optional:

- `exact` (String) Exact string match.
- `prefix` (String) Prefix-based match.
- `regex` (String) ECMAscript style regex-based match.



<a id="nestedatt--rate_limiting--local--rules--dimensions--remote_address"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rate_limiting.local.rules.dimensions.remote_address`

Required:

- `value` (Attributes) Ratelimit on a specific remote address. If the value is set to "*", ratelimit on every unique remote address. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rate_limiting--local--rules--dimensions--remote_address--value))

<a id="nestedatt--rate_limiting--local--rules--dimensions--remote_address--value"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rate_limiting.local.rules.dimensions.remote_address.value`

Optional:

- `value` (String) The string value.




<a id="nestedatt--rate_limiting--local--rules--token_bucket"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rate_limiting.local.rules.token_bucket`

Required:

- `fill_interval` (Attributes) The fill interval that tokens are added to the bucket. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rate_limiting--local--rules--token_bucket--fill_interval))
- `max_tokens` (Attributes) The maximum tokens that the bucket can hold. This is also the number of tokens that the bucket initially contains. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rate_limiting--local--rules--token_bucket--max_tokens))

Optional:

- `tokens_per_fill` (Attributes) The number of tokens added to the bucket during each fill interval. If not specified, defaults to a single token. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rate_limiting--local--rules--token_bucket--tokens_per_fill))

<a id="nestedatt--rate_limiting--local--rules--token_bucket--fill_interval"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rate_limiting.local.rules.token_bucket.fill_interval`

Optional:

- `nanos` (Number) Signed fractions of a second at nanosecond resolution of the span of time. Durations less than one second are represented with a 0 `seconds` field and a positive or negative `nanos` field. For durations of one second or more, a non-zero value for the `nanos` field must be of the same sign as the `seconds` field. Must be from -999,999,999 to +999,999,999 inclusive.
- `seconds` (Number) Signed seconds of the span of time. Must be from -315,576,000,000 to +315,576,000,000 inclusive. Note: these bounds are computed from: 60 sec/min * 60 min/hr * 24 hr/day * 365.25 days/year * 10000 years


<a id="nestedatt--rate_limiting--local--rules--token_bucket--max_tokens"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rate_limiting.local.rules.token_bucket.max_tokens`

Optional:

- `value` (Number) The uint32 value.


<a id="nestedatt--rate_limiting--local--rules--token_bucket--tokens_per_fill"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rate_limiting.local.rules.token_bucket.tokens_per_fill`

Optional:

- `value` (Number) The uint32 value.




<a id="nestedatt--rate_limiting--local--max_wildcard_dimensions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rate_limiting.local.max_wildcard_dimensions`

Optional:

- `value` (Number) The uint32 value.



<a id="nestedatt--rate_limiting--settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rate_limiting.settings`

Required:

- `rules` (Attributes List) A list of rules for ratelimiting. Each rule defines a list of dimensions to match on and the rate limit value for the rule. Each rule is independant of the other. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rate_limiting--settings--rules))

Optional:

- `fail_closed` (Boolean) If the rate limit service is unavailable, the request will fail if failClosed is set to true. Defaults to false.
- `timeout` (Attributes) The timeout in seconds for the rate limit server RPC. Defaults to 0.020 seconds (20ms). Traffic will not be allowed to the destination if failClosed is set to true and the request to the rate limit server times out. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rate_limiting--settings--timeout))

<a id="nestedatt--rate_limiting--settings--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rate_limiting.settings.rules`

Required:

- `dimensions` (Attributes List) A list of dimensions to define each ratelimit rule. Requests count towards the ratelimit value only when each and every condition in a dimension is matched for a given HTTP request. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rate_limiting--settings--rules--dimensions))
- `limit` (Attributes) The ratelimit value that will be configured for the above rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rate_limiting--settings--rules--limit))

<a id="nestedatt--rate_limiting--settings--rules--dimensions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rate_limiting.settings.rules.dimensions`

Optional:

- `header` (Attributes) Rate limit on certain HTTP headers. Special header names such as `:path` and `:method` can also be used. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rate_limiting--settings--rules--dimensions--header))
- `remote_address` (Attributes) Rate limit on the remote address of client. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rate_limiting--settings--rules--dimensions--remote_address))

<a id="nestedatt--rate_limiting--settings--rules--dimensions--header"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rate_limiting.settings.rules.dimensions.header`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the header to match on.

Optional:

- `dont_match` (Boolean) If set to true, the condition will be met when the header value does not match. Default value is false.
- `value` (Attributes) Value of the header to match on if matching on a specific value. If not specified, ratelimit on every unique value of the header. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rate_limiting--settings--rules--dimensions--header--value))

<a id="nestedatt--rate_limiting--settings--rules--dimensions--header--value"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rate_limiting.settings.rules.dimensions.header.value`

Optional:

- `exact` (String) Exact string match.
- `prefix` (String) Prefix-based match.
- `regex` (String) ECMAscript style regex-based match.



<a id="nestedatt--rate_limiting--settings--rules--dimensions--remote_address"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rate_limiting.settings.rules.dimensions.remote_address`

Required:

- `value` (String) Ratelimit on a specific remote address. If the value is set to "*", ratelimit on every unique remote address.



<a id="nestedatt--rate_limiting--settings--rules--limit"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rate_limiting.settings.rules.limit`

Required:

- `requests_per_unit` (Number) Specifies the value of the rate limit.
- `unit` (String) Specifies the unit of time for rate limit.



<a id="nestedatt--rate_limiting--settings--timeout"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rate_limiting.settings.timeout`

Optional:

- `nanos` (Number) Signed fractions of a second at nanosecond resolution of the span of time. Durations less than one second are represented with a 0 `seconds` field and a positive or negative `nanos` field. For durations of one second or more, a non-zero value for the `nanos` field must be of the same sign as the `seconds` field. Must be from -999,999,999 to +999,999,999 inclusive.
- `seconds` (Number) Signed seconds of the span of time. Must be from -315,576,000,000 to +315,576,000,000 inclusive. Note: these bounds are computed from: 60 sec/min * 60 min/hr * 24 hr/day * 365.25 days/year * 10000 years




<a id="nestedatt--reachability"></a>
### Nested Schema for `reachability`

Optional:

- `hosts` (List of String) When the mode is `CUSTOM`, `hosts` specify the set of services that the sidecar should be able to reach. Must be in the `<namespace>/<fqdn>` format. - `./*` indicates all services in the namespace where the sidecar resides. - `ns1/*` indicates all services in the `ns1` namespace. - `ns1/svc1.com` indicates `svc1.com` service in `ns1` namespace. - `*/svc1.com` indicates `svc1.com` service in any namespace.
- `mode` (String) A short cut for specifying the set of services accessed by the workload.


<a id="nestedatt--resilience"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resilience`

Optional:

- `circuit_breaker_sensitivity` (String) This field is DEPRECATED in favor of `upstreamTrafficSettings.resilience.circuitBreakerSensitivity`. Circuit breakers in Envoy are applied per endpoint in a load balancing pool. By default, circuit breakers are disabled. If set, the sensitivity level determines the maximum number of consecutive failures that Envoy will tolerate before ejecting an endpoint from the load balancing pool.
- `http_request_timeout` (Attributes) This field is DEPRECATED in favor of `upstreamTrafficSettings.resilience.connectionPool.http.requestTimeout`. Timeout for HTTP requests. Disabled if not set. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resilience--http_request_timeout))
- `http_retries` (Attributes) This field is DEPRECATED in favor of `upstreamTrafficSettings.resilience.connectionPool.http.retries`. Retry policy for HTTP requests. Disabled if not set. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resilience--http_retries))
- `keep_alive` (Attributes) Keep Alive Settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resilience--keep_alive))

<a id="nestedatt--resilience--http_request_timeout"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resilience.http_request_timeout`

Optional:

- `nanos` (Number) Signed fractions of a second at nanosecond resolution of the span of time. Durations less than one second are represented with a 0 `seconds` field and a positive or negative `nanos` field. For durations of one second or more, a non-zero value for the `nanos` field must be of the same sign as the `seconds` field. Must be from -999,999,999 to +999,999,999 inclusive.
- `seconds` (Number) Signed seconds of the span of time. Must be from -315,576,000,000 to +315,576,000,000 inclusive. Note: these bounds are computed from: 60 sec/min * 60 min/hr * 24 hr/day * 365.25 days/year * 10000 years


<a id="nestedatt--resilience--http_retries"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resilience.http_retries`

Required:

- `attempts` (Number) Number of retries for a given request. The interval between retries will be determined automatically (25ms+). Actual number of retries attempted depends on the httpReqTimeout.

Optional:

- `per_try_timeout` (Attributes) Timeout per retry attempt for a given request. format: 1h/1m/1s/1ms. MUST BE >=1ms. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resilience--http_retries--per_try_timeout))
- `retry_back_off` (Attributes) Specifies the parameters that controls the interval between retry attempts, i.e., how soon the next retry should be attempted after a failure. The back-off interval for the N-th retry is chosen randomly in the range: [0, min((2^N - 1)* B, max_interval)] where B is the base_interval. The interval increases exponentially with each attempt, but is capped at max_interval. Example (B = 25ms, max_interval = 250ms): 1st retry: randomly delayed between 0–24ms 2nd retry: randomly delayed between 0–74ms 3rd retry: randomly delayed between 0–174ms …and so on. Maximum delay is capped at 250ms. This field is optional. If unset, the default base_interval is 25ms which is sufficient for most fast-fail retry scenarios. The default value of max_interval is 10 times the base_interval. You may want to configure this value specific to your retry strategy, for example: - Retries occur before Envoy finishes ejecting a failed endpoint, causing wasted attempts. A larger backoff helps avoid this. - The backend is slow or rate-limited and needs more recovery time between requests. See [envoy retry algorithm](https://www.envoyproxy.io/docs/envoy/latest/configuration/http/http_filters/router_filter#config-http-filters-router-x-envoy-max-retries) for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resilience--http_retries--retry_back_off))
- `retry_on` (String) Specifies the conditions under which retry takes place. One or more policies can be specified using a ‘,’ delimited list. See the [retry policies](https://www.envoyproxy.io/docs/envoy/latest/configuration/http/http_filters/router_filter#x-envoy-retry-on) and [gRPC retry policies](https://www.envoyproxy.io/docs/envoy/latest/configuration/http/http_filters/router_filter#x-envoy-retry-grpc-on) for more details.

<a id="nestedatt--resilience--http_retries--per_try_timeout"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resilience.http_retries.per_try_timeout`

Optional:

- `nanos` (Number) Signed fractions of a second at nanosecond resolution of the span of time. Durations less than one second are represented with a 0 `seconds` field and a positive or negative `nanos` field. For durations of one second or more, a non-zero value for the `nanos` field must be of the same sign as the `seconds` field. Must be from -999,999,999 to +999,999,999 inclusive.
- `seconds` (Number) Signed seconds of the span of time. Must be from -315,576,000,000 to +315,576,000,000 inclusive. Note: these bounds are computed from: 60 sec/min * 60 min/hr * 24 hr/day * 365.25 days/year * 10000 years


<a id="nestedatt--resilience--http_retries--retry_back_off"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resilience.http_retries.retry_back_off`

Required:

- `base_interval` (Attributes) The base interval between retry attempts. This parameter is required and must be greater than zero. Values less than 1 ms are rounded up to 1 ms. The default value is 25ms. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resilience--http_retries--retry_back_off--base_interval))

Optional:

- `max_interval` (Attributes) The maximum interval between retry attempts. This parameter is optional but must be greater than or equal to base_interval if set. The default is 10 times the base_interval. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resilience--http_retries--retry_back_off--max_interval))

<a id="nestedatt--resilience--http_retries--retry_back_off--base_interval"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resilience.http_retries.retry_back_off.base_interval`

Optional:

- `nanos` (Number) Signed fractions of a second at nanosecond resolution of the span of time. Durations less than one second are represented with a 0 `seconds` field and a positive or negative `nanos` field. For durations of one second or more, a non-zero value for the `nanos` field must be of the same sign as the `seconds` field. Must be from -999,999,999 to +999,999,999 inclusive.
- `seconds` (Number) Signed seconds of the span of time. Must be from -315,576,000,000 to +315,576,000,000 inclusive. Note: these bounds are computed from: 60 sec/min * 60 min/hr * 24 hr/day * 365.25 days/year * 10000 years


<a id="nestedatt--resilience--http_retries--retry_back_off--max_interval"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resilience.http_retries.retry_back_off.max_interval`

Optional:

- `nanos` (Number) Signed fractions of a second at nanosecond resolution of the span of time. Durations less than one second are represented with a 0 `seconds` field and a positive or negative `nanos` field. For durations of one second or more, a non-zero value for the `nanos` field must be of the same sign as the `seconds` field. Must be from -999,999,999 to +999,999,999 inclusive.
- `seconds` (Number) Signed seconds of the span of time. Must be from -315,576,000,000 to +315,576,000,000 inclusive. Note: these bounds are computed from: 60 sec/min * 60 min/hr * 24 hr/day * 365.25 days/year * 10000 years




<a id="nestedatt--resilience--keep_alive"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resilience.keep_alive`

Optional:

- `tcp` (Attributes) TCP Keep Alive settings associated with the upstream and downstream TCP connections. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resilience--keep_alive--tcp))

<a id="nestedatt--resilience--keep_alive--tcp"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resilience.keep_alive.tcp`

Optional:

- `downstream` (Attributes) TCP Keep Alive Settings associated with the downstream (client) connection. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resilience--keep_alive--tcp--downstream))
- `upstream` (Attributes) This field is DEPRECATED in favor of `upstreamTrafficSettings.resilience.connectionPool.tcp.keepAlive`. TCP Keep Alive Settings associated with the upstream (backend) connection. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resilience--keep_alive--tcp--upstream))

<a id="nestedatt--resilience--keep_alive--tcp--downstream"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resilience.keep_alive.tcp.downstream`

Optional:

- `idle_time` (Attributes) The number of seconds a connection needs to be idle before keep-alive probes start being sent. Default is to use the OS level configuration, Linux defaults to 7200s. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resilience--keep_alive--tcp--downstream--idle_time))
- `interval` (Attributes) The number of seconds between keep-alive probes. Default is to use the OS level configuration, Linux defaults to 75s. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resilience--keep_alive--tcp--downstream--interval))
- `probes` (Attributes) The total number of unacknowledged probes to send before deciding the connection is dead. Default is to use the OS level configuration, Linux defaults to 9. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resilience--keep_alive--tcp--downstream--probes))

<a id="nestedatt--resilience--keep_alive--tcp--downstream--idle_time"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resilience.keep_alive.tcp.downstream.idle_time`

Optional:

- `value` (Number) The uint32 value.


<a id="nestedatt--resilience--keep_alive--tcp--downstream--interval"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resilience.keep_alive.tcp.downstream.interval`

Optional:

- `value` (Number) The uint32 value.


<a id="nestedatt--resilience--keep_alive--tcp--downstream--probes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resilience.keep_alive.tcp.downstream.probes`

Optional:

- `value` (Number) The uint32 value.



<a id="nestedatt--resilience--keep_alive--tcp--upstream"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resilience.keep_alive.tcp.upstream`

Optional:

- `idle_time` (Attributes) The number of seconds a connection needs to be idle before keep-alive probes start being sent. Default is to use the OS level configuration, Linux defaults to 7200s. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resilience--keep_alive--tcp--upstream--idle_time))
- `interval` (Attributes) The number of seconds between keep-alive probes. Default is to use the OS level configuration, Linux defaults to 75s. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resilience--keep_alive--tcp--upstream--interval))
- `probes` (Attributes) The total number of unacknowledged probes to send before deciding the connection is dead. Default is to use the OS level configuration, Linux defaults to 9. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resilience--keep_alive--tcp--upstream--probes))

<a id="nestedatt--resilience--keep_alive--tcp--upstream--idle_time"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resilience.keep_alive.tcp.upstream.idle_time`

Optional:

- `value` (Number) The uint32 value.


<a id="nestedatt--resilience--keep_alive--tcp--upstream--interval"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resilience.keep_alive.tcp.upstream.interval`

Optional:

- `value` (Number) The uint32 value.


<a id="nestedatt--resilience--keep_alive--tcp--upstream--probes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resilience.keep_alive.tcp.upstream.probes`

Optional:

- `value` (Number) The uint32 value.






<a id="nestedatt--upstream_traffic_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `upstream_traffic_settings`

Optional:

- `hosts` (List of String) List of hosts for which the settings will be created. Can contain wildcard hosts. The host should be a service from the service registry or a host declared by ServiceEntries.
- `settings` (Attributes) A single setting to be applied to all the clients connecting to the upstream hosts. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--upstream_traffic_settings--settings))

<a id="nestedatt--upstream_traffic_settings--settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `upstream_traffic_settings.settings`

Optional:

- `authentication` (Attributes) Configuration for connection authentication parameters. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--authentication))
- `load_balancer` (Attributes) Load balancing settings for the clients. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--load_balancer))
- `resilience` (Attributes) Resilience settings for the clients. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--resilience))

<a id="nestedatt--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--authentication"></a>
### Nested Schema for `upstream_traffic_settings.settings.authentication`

Optional:

- `traffic_mode` (String) If set to `REQUIRED`, client sidecars under this configuration will be configured to initiate mTLS connections using mesh-generated client certificates to services that do not have a sidecar injected.


<a id="nestedatt--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--load_balancer"></a>
### Nested Schema for `upstream_traffic_settings.settings.load_balancer`

Optional:

- `consistent_hash` (Attributes) Use consistent hash load balancing which can provide soft session affinity. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--load_balancer--consistent_hash))
- `simple` (String) Use standard load balancing algorithms that require no tuning.

<a id="nestedatt--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--load_balancer--consistent_hash"></a>
### Nested Schema for `upstream_traffic_settings.settings.load_balancer.consistent_hash`

Optional:

- `http_cookie` (Attributes) Hash based on HTTP cookie. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--load_balancer--consistent_hash--http_cookie))
- `http_header_name` (String) Hash based on a specific HTTP header.
- `http_query_parameter_name` (String) Hash based on a specific HTTP query parameter.
- `maglev` (Attributes) The Maglev load balancer implements consistent hashing to backend hosts. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--load_balancer--consistent_hash--maglev))
- `ring_hash` (Attributes) The ring/modulo hash load balancer implements consistent hashing to backend hosts. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--load_balancer--consistent_hash--ring_hash))
- `use_source_ip` (Boolean) Hash based on the source IP address. This is applicable for both TCP and HTTP connections.

<a id="nestedatt--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--load_balancer--consistent_hash--http_cookie"></a>
### Nested Schema for `upstream_traffic_settings.settings.load_balancer.consistent_hash.http_cookie`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the cookie.
- `ttl` (Attributes) Lifetime of the cookie. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--load_balancer--consistent_hash--http_cookie--ttl))

Optional:

- `path` (String) Path to set for the cookie.

<a id="nestedatt--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--load_balancer--consistent_hash--http_cookie--ttl"></a>
### Nested Schema for `upstream_traffic_settings.settings.load_balancer.consistent_hash.http_cookie.ttl`

Optional:

- `nanos` (Number) Signed fractions of a second at nanosecond resolution of the span of time. Durations less than one second are represented with a 0 `seconds` field and a positive or negative `nanos` field. For durations of one second or more, a non-zero value for the `nanos` field must be of the same sign as the `seconds` field. Must be from -999,999,999 to +999,999,999 inclusive.
- `seconds` (Number) Signed seconds of the span of time. Must be from -315,576,000,000 to +315,576,000,000 inclusive. Note: these bounds are computed from: 60 sec/min * 60 min/hr * 24 hr/day * 365.25 days/year * 10000 years



<a id="nestedatt--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--load_balancer--consistent_hash--maglev"></a>
### Nested Schema for `upstream_traffic_settings.settings.load_balancer.consistent_hash.maglev`

Required:

- `table_size` (Number) The table size for Maglev hashing. This helps in controlling the disruption when the backend hosts change. Increasing the table size reduces the amount of disruption.


<a id="nestedatt--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--load_balancer--consistent_hash--ring_hash"></a>
### Nested Schema for `upstream_traffic_settings.settings.load_balancer.consistent_hash.ring_hash`

Optional:

- `minimum_ring_size` (Number) The minimum number of virtual nodes to use for the hash ring. Defaults to 1024. Larger ring sizes result in more granular load distributions. If the number of hosts in the load balancing pool is larger than the ring size, each host will be assigned a single virtual node.




<a id="nestedatt--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--resilience"></a>
### Nested Schema for `upstream_traffic_settings.settings.resilience`

Optional:

- `circuit_breaker_sensitivity` (String) Circuit breakers in Envoy are applied per endpoint in a load balancing pool. By default, circuit breakers are disabled. If set, the sensitivity level determines the maximum number of consecutive failures that Envoy will tolerate before ejecting an endpoint from the load balancing pool.
- `connection_pool` (Attributes) Configures tolerance and other settings for TCP/HTTP connections to the service. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--resilience--connection_pool))
- `outlier_detection` (Attributes) Outlier detection settings for the upstream host when custom mode is used. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--resilience--outlier_detection))

<a id="nestedatt--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--resilience--connection_pool"></a>
### Nested Schema for `upstream_traffic_settings.settings.resilience.connection_pool`

Optional:

- `http` (Attributes) HTTP connection pool settings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--resilience--connection_pool--http))
- `tcp` (Attributes) TCP connection pool settings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--resilience--connection_pool--tcp))

<a id="nestedatt--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--resilience--connection_pool--http"></a>
### Nested Schema for `upstream_traffic_settings.settings.resilience.connection_pool.http`

Optional:

- `max_requests` (Number) Maximum number of active requests to the service. Applicable to both HTTP/1.1 and HTTP2. Default 0, meaning "unlimited", up to 2^32 - 1.
- `max_requests_per_connection` (Number) Maximum number of requests per connection to the service. If set to 1, it disables keep alive. Default 0, meaning "unlimited", up to 2^29.
- `request_timeout` (Attributes) Timeout for HTTP requests. format: 1h/1m/1s/1ms. MUST BE >=1ms. Disabled if not set. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--resilience--connection_pool--http--request_timeout))
- `retries` (Attributes) Retry policy for HTTP requests. Retries are NOT disabled when this is unset: a default policy is applied (2 attempts with the default retry condition "reset,connect-failure,refused-stream,unavailable,cancelled,retriable-status-codes,503"). Supplying retries without an explicit `retryOn` still applies that default condition. Set `attempts` to 0 to disable automatic retries. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--resilience--connection_pool--http--retries))

<a id="nestedatt--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--resilience--connection_pool--http--request_timeout"></a>
### Nested Schema for `upstream_traffic_settings.settings.resilience.connection_pool.http.request_timeout`

Optional:

- `nanos` (Number) Signed fractions of a second at nanosecond resolution of the span of time. Durations less than one second are represented with a 0 `seconds` field and a positive or negative `nanos` field. For durations of one second or more, a non-zero value for the `nanos` field must be of the same sign as the `seconds` field. Must be from -999,999,999 to +999,999,999 inclusive.
- `seconds` (Number) Signed seconds of the span of time. Must be from -315,576,000,000 to +315,576,000,000 inclusive. Note: these bounds are computed from: 60 sec/min * 60 min/hr * 24 hr/day * 365.25 days/year * 10000 years


<a id="nestedatt--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--resilience--connection_pool--http--retries"></a>
### Nested Schema for `upstream_traffic_settings.settings.resilience.connection_pool.http.retries`

Required:

- `attempts` (Number) Number of retries for a given request. The interval between retries will be determined automatically (25ms+). Actual number of retries attempted depends on the httpReqTimeout.

Optional:

- `per_try_timeout` (Attributes) Timeout per retry attempt for a given request. format: 1h/1m/1s/1ms. MUST BE >=1ms. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--resilience--connection_pool--http--retries--per_try_timeout))
- `retry_back_off` (Attributes) Specifies the parameters that controls the interval between retry attempts, i.e., how soon the next retry should be attempted after a failure. The back-off interval for the N-th retry is chosen randomly in the range: [0, min((2^N - 1)* B, max_interval)] where B is the base_interval. The interval increases exponentially with each attempt, but is capped at max_interval. Example (B = 25ms, max_interval = 250ms): 1st retry: randomly delayed between 0–24ms 2nd retry: randomly delayed between 0–74ms 3rd retry: randomly delayed between 0–174ms …and so on. Maximum delay is capped at 250ms. This field is optional. If unset, the default base_interval is 25ms which is sufficient for most fast-fail retry scenarios. The default value of max_interval is 10 times the base_interval. You may want to configure this value specific to your retry strategy, for example: - Retries occur before Envoy finishes ejecting a failed endpoint, causing wasted attempts. A larger backoff helps avoid this. - The backend is slow or rate-limited and needs more recovery time between requests. See [envoy retry algorithm](https://www.envoyproxy.io/docs/envoy/latest/configuration/http/http_filters/router_filter#config-http-filters-router-x-envoy-max-retries) for more details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--resilience--connection_pool--http--retries--retry_back_off))
- `retry_on` (String) Specifies the conditions under which retry takes place. One or more policies can be specified using a ‘,’ delimited list. See the [retry policies](https://www.envoyproxy.io/docs/envoy/latest/configuration/http/http_filters/router_filter#x-envoy-retry-on) and [gRPC retry policies](https://www.envoyproxy.io/docs/envoy/latest/configuration/http/http_filters/router_filter#x-envoy-retry-grpc-on) for more details.

<a id="nestedatt--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--resilience--connection_pool--http--retries--per_try_timeout"></a>
### Nested Schema for `upstream_traffic_settings.settings.resilience.connection_pool.http.retries.per_try_timeout`

Optional:

- `nanos` (Number) Signed fractions of a second at nanosecond resolution of the span of time. Durations less than one second are represented with a 0 `seconds` field and a positive or negative `nanos` field. For durations of one second or more, a non-zero value for the `nanos` field must be of the same sign as the `seconds` field. Must be from -999,999,999 to +999,999,999 inclusive.
- `seconds` (Number) Signed seconds of the span of time. Must be from -315,576,000,000 to +315,576,000,000 inclusive. Note: these bounds are computed from: 60 sec/min * 60 min/hr * 24 hr/day * 365.25 days/year * 10000 years


<a id="nestedatt--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--resilience--connection_pool--http--retries--retry_back_off"></a>
### Nested Schema for `upstream_traffic_settings.settings.resilience.connection_pool.http.retries.retry_back_off`

Required:

- `base_interval` (Attributes) The base interval between retry attempts. This parameter is required and must be greater than zero. Values less than 1 ms are rounded up to 1 ms. The default value is 25ms. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--resilience--connection_pool--http--retries--retry_back_off--base_interval))

Optional:

- `max_interval` (Attributes) The maximum interval between retry attempts. This parameter is optional but must be greater than or equal to base_interval if set. The default is 10 times the base_interval. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--resilience--connection_pool--http--retries--retry_back_off--max_interval))

<a id="nestedatt--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--resilience--connection_pool--http--retries--retry_back_off--base_interval"></a>
### Nested Schema for `upstream_traffic_settings.settings.resilience.connection_pool.http.retries.retry_back_off.base_interval`

Optional:

- `nanos` (Number) Signed fractions of a second at nanosecond resolution of the span of time. Durations less than one second are represented with a 0 `seconds` field and a positive or negative `nanos` field. For durations of one second or more, a non-zero value for the `nanos` field must be of the same sign as the `seconds` field. Must be from -999,999,999 to +999,999,999 inclusive.
- `seconds` (Number) Signed seconds of the span of time. Must be from -315,576,000,000 to +315,576,000,000 inclusive. Note: these bounds are computed from: 60 sec/min * 60 min/hr * 24 hr/day * 365.25 days/year * 10000 years


<a id="nestedatt--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--resilience--connection_pool--http--retries--retry_back_off--max_interval"></a>
### Nested Schema for `upstream_traffic_settings.settings.resilience.connection_pool.http.retries.retry_back_off.max_interval`

Optional:

- `nanos` (Number) Signed fractions of a second at nanosecond resolution of the span of time. Durations less than one second are represented with a 0 `seconds` field and a positive or negative `nanos` field. For durations of one second or more, a non-zero value for the `nanos` field must be of the same sign as the `seconds` field. Must be from -999,999,999 to +999,999,999 inclusive.
- `seconds` (Number) Signed seconds of the span of time. Must be from -315,576,000,000 to +315,576,000,000 inclusive. Note: these bounds are computed from: 60 sec/min * 60 min/hr * 24 hr/day * 365.25 days/year * 10000 years





<a id="nestedatt--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--resilience--connection_pool--tcp"></a>
### Nested Schema for `upstream_traffic_settings.settings.resilience.connection_pool.tcp`

Optional:

- `connect_timeout` (Attributes) TCP connection timeout. format: 1h/1m/1s/1ms. MUST BE >=1ms. Default is 10s. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--resilience--connection_pool--tcp--connect_timeout))
- `keep_alive` (Attributes) Keep Alive Settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--resilience--connection_pool--tcp--keep_alive))
- `max_connections` (Number) Maximum number of HTTP1 /TCP connections to the service. Default 0, meaning "unlimited", up to 2^32 - 1.

<a id="nestedatt--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--resilience--connection_pool--tcp--connect_timeout"></a>
### Nested Schema for `upstream_traffic_settings.settings.resilience.connection_pool.tcp.connect_timeout`

Optional:

- `nanos` (Number) Signed fractions of a second at nanosecond resolution of the span of time. Durations less than one second are represented with a 0 `seconds` field and a positive or negative `nanos` field. For durations of one second or more, a non-zero value for the `nanos` field must be of the same sign as the `seconds` field. Must be from -999,999,999 to +999,999,999 inclusive.
- `seconds` (Number) Signed seconds of the span of time. Must be from -315,576,000,000 to +315,576,000,000 inclusive. Note: these bounds are computed from: 60 sec/min * 60 min/hr * 24 hr/day * 365.25 days/year * 10000 years


<a id="nestedatt--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--resilience--connection_pool--tcp--keep_alive"></a>
### Nested Schema for `upstream_traffic_settings.settings.resilience.connection_pool.tcp.keep_alive`

Optional:

- `idle_time` (Attributes) The number of seconds a connection needs to be idle before keep-alive probes start being sent. Default is to use the OS level configuration, Linux defaults to 7200s. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--resilience--connection_pool--tcp--keep_alive--idle_time))
- `interval` (Attributes) The number of seconds between keep-alive probes. Default is to use the OS level configuration, Linux defaults to 75s. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--resilience--connection_pool--tcp--keep_alive--interval))
- `probes` (Attributes) The total number of unacknowledged probes to send before deciding the connection is dead. Default is to use the OS level configuration, Linux defaults to 9. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--resilience--connection_pool--tcp--keep_alive--probes))

<a id="nestedatt--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--resilience--connection_pool--tcp--keep_alive--idle_time"></a>
### Nested Schema for `upstream_traffic_settings.settings.resilience.connection_pool.tcp.keep_alive.idle_time`

Optional:

- `value` (Number) The uint32 value.


<a id="nestedatt--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--resilience--connection_pool--tcp--keep_alive--interval"></a>
### Nested Schema for `upstream_traffic_settings.settings.resilience.connection_pool.tcp.keep_alive.interval`

Optional:

- `value` (Number) The uint32 value.


<a id="nestedatt--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--resilience--connection_pool--tcp--keep_alive--probes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `upstream_traffic_settings.settings.resilience.connection_pool.tcp.keep_alive.probes`

Optional:

- `value` (Number) The uint32 value.





<a id="nestedatt--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--resilience--outlier_detection"></a>
### Nested Schema for `upstream_traffic_settings.settings.resilience.outlier_detection`

Optional:

- `base_ejection_time` (Attributes) The base time that a host is ejected for. The real time is equal to the base time multiplied by the number of times the host has been ejected. Defaults to 30000ms or 30s. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--resilience--outlier_detection--base_ejection_time))
- `consecutive_5_xx` (Attributes) The number of consecutive server-side error responses (for HTTP traffic, 5xx responses; for TCP traffic, connection failures; for Redis, failure to respond PONG; etc.) before a consecutive 5xx ejection occurs. Defaults to 5. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--resilience--outlier_detection--consecutive_5_xx))
- `consecutive_gateway_failure` (Attributes) The number of consecutive gateway failures (502, 503, 504 status codes) before a consecutive gateway failure ejection occurs. Defaults to circuitBreakerSensitivity of MEDIUM(5) in TSB. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--resilience--outlier_detection--consecutive_gateway_failure))
- `consecutive_local_origin_failure` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--resilience--outlier_detection--consecutive_local_origin_failure))
- `enforcing_consecutive_5_xx` (Attributes) The percentage of a host to be actually ejected when an outlier status is detected through consecutive 5xx. This setting can be used to disable ejection or to ramp it up slowly. Defaults to 0 in TSB. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--resilience--outlier_detection--enforcing_consecutive_5_xx))
- `enforcing_consecutive_gateway_failure` (Attributes) The percentage of a host to be ejected when an outlier status is detected through consecutive gateway failures. This setting can be used to disable ejection or to ramp it up slowly. Defaults to 100 in TSB. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--resilience--outlier_detection--enforcing_consecutive_gateway_failure))
- `enforcing_consecutive_local_origin_failure` (Attributes) The percentage of a host to be actually ejected when an outlier status is detected through consecutive locally originated failures. This setting can be used to disable ejection or to ramp it up slowly. Defaults to 100. Parameter takes effect only when splitExternalLocalOriginErrors is set to true. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--resilience--outlier_detection--enforcing_consecutive_local_origin_failure))
- `interval` (Attributes) The time interval between ejection analysis sweeps. This can result in both new ejections as well as hosts being returned to service. Defaults to 10000ms or 10s. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--resilience--outlier_detection--interval))
- `max_ejection_percent` (Attributes) The maximum % of an upstream cluster that can be ejected due to outlier detection. Defaults to 100%. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--resilience--outlier_detection--max_ejection_percent))
- `max_ejection_time` (Attributes) The maximum time that a host is ejected for. If not specified, the default value (300000ms or 300s) or baseEjectionTime value is applied, whatever is larger. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--resilience--outlier_detection--max_ejection_time))
- `split_external_local_origin_errors` (Boolean) Determines whether to distinguish local origin failures from external errors. Local Origin Failures are errors that occur within the Envoy process itself,  before the request is actually sent to the upstream host. example of these are connection timeout, TCP reset etc. External errors are errors that occur after the request is sent to the upstream host. example of these are 5xx errors, connection refused etc. If set to true, consecutiveLocalOriginFailure and enforcingConsecutiveLocalOriginFailure will be taken into account. Defaults to false.

<a id="nestedatt--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--resilience--outlier_detection--base_ejection_time"></a>
### Nested Schema for `upstream_traffic_settings.settings.resilience.outlier_detection.base_ejection_time`

Optional:

- `nanos` (Number) Signed fractions of a second at nanosecond resolution of the span of time. Durations less than one second are represented with a 0 `seconds` field and a positive or negative `nanos` field. For durations of one second or more, a non-zero value for the `nanos` field must be of the same sign as the `seconds` field. Must be from -999,999,999 to +999,999,999 inclusive.
- `seconds` (Number) Signed seconds of the span of time. Must be from -315,576,000,000 to +315,576,000,000 inclusive. Note: these bounds are computed from: 60 sec/min * 60 min/hr * 24 hr/day * 365.25 days/year * 10000 years


<a id="nestedatt--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--resilience--outlier_detection--consecutive_5_xx"></a>
### Nested Schema for `upstream_traffic_settings.settings.resilience.outlier_detection.consecutive_5_xx`

Optional:

- `value` (Number) The uint32 value.


<a id="nestedatt--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--resilience--outlier_detection--consecutive_gateway_failure"></a>
### Nested Schema for `upstream_traffic_settings.settings.resilience.outlier_detection.consecutive_gateway_failure`

Optional:

- `value` (Number) The uint32 value.


<a id="nestedatt--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--resilience--outlier_detection--consecutive_local_origin_failure"></a>
### Nested Schema for `upstream_traffic_settings.settings.resilience.outlier_detection.consecutive_local_origin_failure`

Optional:

- `value` (Number) The uint32 value.


<a id="nestedatt--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--resilience--outlier_detection--enforcing_consecutive_5_xx"></a>
### Nested Schema for `upstream_traffic_settings.settings.resilience.outlier_detection.enforcing_consecutive_5_xx`

Optional:

- `value` (Number) The uint32 value.


<a id="nestedatt--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--resilience--outlier_detection--enforcing_consecutive_gateway_failure"></a>
### Nested Schema for `upstream_traffic_settings.settings.resilience.outlier_detection.enforcing_consecutive_gateway_failure`

Optional:

- `value` (Number) The uint32 value.


<a id="nestedatt--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--resilience--outlier_detection--enforcing_consecutive_local_origin_failure"></a>
### Nested Schema for `upstream_traffic_settings.settings.resilience.outlier_detection.enforcing_consecutive_local_origin_failure`

Optional:

- `value` (Number) The uint32 value.


<a id="nestedatt--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--resilience--outlier_detection--interval"></a>
### Nested Schema for `upstream_traffic_settings.settings.resilience.outlier_detection.interval`

Optional:

- `nanos` (Number) Signed fractions of a second at nanosecond resolution of the span of time. Durations less than one second are represented with a 0 `seconds` field and a positive or negative `nanos` field. For durations of one second or more, a non-zero value for the `nanos` field must be of the same sign as the `seconds` field. Must be from -999,999,999 to +999,999,999 inclusive.
- `seconds` (Number) Signed seconds of the span of time. Must be from -315,576,000,000 to +315,576,000,000 inclusive. Note: these bounds are computed from: 60 sec/min * 60 min/hr * 24 hr/day * 365.25 days/year * 10000 years


<a id="nestedatt--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--resilience--outlier_detection--max_ejection_percent"></a>
### Nested Schema for `upstream_traffic_settings.settings.resilience.outlier_detection.max_ejection_percent`

Optional:

- `value` (Number) The uint32 value.


<a id="nestedatt--upstream_traffic_settings--settings--resilience--outlier_detection--max_ejection_time"></a>
### Nested Schema for `upstream_traffic_settings.settings.resilience.outlier_detection.max_ejection_time`

Optional:

- `nanos` (Number) Signed fractions of a second at nanosecond resolution of the span of time. Durations less than one second are represented with a 0 `seconds` field and a positive or negative `nanos` field. For durations of one second or more, a non-zero value for the `nanos` field must be of the same sign as the `seconds` field. Must be from -999,999,999 to +999,999,999 inclusive.
- `seconds` (Number) Signed seconds of the span of time. Must be from -315,576,000,000 to +315,576,000,000 inclusive. Note: these bounds are computed from: 60 sec/min * 60 min/hr * 24 hr/day * 365.25 days/year * 10000 years
