---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "tsb_workspace Resource - terraform-provider-tsb"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# tsb_workspace (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
# Copyright (c) Tetrate, Inc 2026 All Rights Reserved.

# A Workspace groups a set of namespaces across one or more clusters under a tenant.
resource "tsb_workspace" "example" {
  parent       = "organizations/tetrate/tenants/example"
  name         = "example-workspace"
  display_name = "Example Workspace"
  description  = "Managed by Terraform"

  namespace_selector = {
    names = ["*/example-ns"]
  }
}

# Import an existing workspace by its fully-qualified name:
#   terraform import tsb_workspace.example organizations/tetrate/tenants/example/workspaces/example-workspace
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Short name of the Workspace resource.
- `namespace_selector` (Attributes) Set of namespaces owned exclusively by this workspace. A workspace can own all namespaces of a cluster or a set of namespaces across any cluster or a set of namespaces in a specific cluster. Use `*/*` to claim all cluster resources under the tenant. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--namespace_selector))
- `parent` (String) The parent id for the Workspace resource.

### Optional

- `config_generation_metadata` (Attributes) Default metadata values that will be propagated to the children Istio generated configurations. When using YAML APIs like `tctl` or `gitops`, put them into the `metadata.labels` or `metadata.annotations` instead. This field is only necessary when using gRPC APIs directly. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config_generation_metadata))
- `deletion_protection_enabled` (Boolean) When set, prevents the resource from being deleted. In order to delete the resource this property needs to be set to `false` first.
- `description` (String) A description of the resource.
- `display_name` (String) User friendly name for the resource.
- `isolation_boundary` (String) Istio Isolation Boundary name to which this workspace belongs. If not provided explicitly, the workspace looks for an isolation boundary with name set as "global".  Therefore, in order to move existing workspaces to isolation boundaries, and be a part of revisioned control plane, it is recommended to configure an isolation boundary with the name "global".
- `privileged` (Attributes) If set to true, allows Gateways in the workspace to route to services in other workspaces. Set this to true for workspaces owning cluster-wide gateways shared by multiple teams. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--privileged))
- `profiles` (List of String) List of profiles attached to the workspace to be used to propagate default and mandatory configurations down to the children.
- `security_domain` (String) Security domains can be used to group different resources under the same security domain. Although security domain is not resource itself currently, it follows a fqn format `organizations/myorg/securitydomains/mysecuritydomain`, and a child cannot override any ancestor's security domain. Once a security domain is assigned to a _Workspace_, all the children resources will belong to that security domain in the same way a _Security group_ belongs to a _Workspace_, a _Security group_ will also belong to the security domain assigned to the _Workspace_. Security domains can also be used to define _Security settings Authorization rules_ in which you can allow or deny request from or to a security domain.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Fully-qualified name of the Workspace resource.

<a id="nestedatt--namespace_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `namespace_selector`

Required:

- `names` (List of String) Under the tenant/workspace/group: - `*/ns1` implies `ns1` namespace in any cluster. - `c1/ns1` implies `ns1` namespace from `c1` cluster. - `c1/*` implies all namespaces in `c1` cluster. - `*/*` implies all namespaces in all clusters. - `c1/ns*` implies all namespaces prefixes by `ns` in `c1` cluster.


<a id="nestedatt--config_generation_metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config_generation_metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) Set of key value paris that will be added into the `metadata.annotations` field of the Istio generated configurations.
- `labels` (Map of String) Set of key value paris that will be added into the `metadata.labels` field of the Istio generated configurations.


<a id="nestedatt--privileged"></a>
### Nested Schema for `privileged`

Optional:

- `value` (Boolean) The bool value.
